---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 77 Day 1: The Blessed Remnant"
date: 2019-7-8 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk77-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 77
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We will complete reading the Book of Isaiah soon and continue to read a book of another prophet: The Book of Jerimiah.

The rebellion, judgment, return and redemption in the prophet's books are still meaningful to today's believers. God has eternal love for all and is full of grace through His peaceful covenant. He only temporarily turned away from the Israelites but protected His people with great grace. God is not a straight faced judge endlessly counting our sins. God is the creator and our heavenly father with love. Just as the rain always fall to enriches the earth, His promise will always come to us as undeserved gift of grace so that we don't have to bear all that well-deserved suffering.  However, if we don't accept His grace and would rather fall under our sins, then we would be all alone and hopeless like the hopeless effort of irrigating the desert with a spoon.

May you all be renewed in His word each day!

### Question     
How will the remnant of Israel be blessed?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord revealed Himself to those who did not ask for Him; He was found by those who did not seek Him. To a nation that did not call on His name, He said, "Here am I, here am I." 

+ Judah was forsaken for their unbelieve. The Lord will not keep silent but will pay back in full; He will pay it back into their laps. 

+ The Lord will bring forth descendants from Jacob, and from Judah those who will possess His mountains. 

+ Whoever invokes a blessing in the land will do so by the one true God. For the past troubles will be forgotten. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The Israelites often angered God even though they were the chosen people. Today, we as the saved, are still chained by sins and often angers God. Pray to God to examine my heart and remind me to remove my all my sins including those remain hidden. 
