---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 14 Day 3: Last Year of Wandering"
date:   2018-04-25
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk14-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 14
dayNum: 3
bibleTitle1: "Numbers 20-21"
bibleGatewayRef1: "num.20-21"
youVersionRef1: "NUM.20-21"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 94"
bibleGatewayRef2: "ps.94"
youVersionRef2: "PSA.94"
language: English
---

### Question
What did the Israelites experience when they came back to Kadesh in the final year of wandering?

### Meditation: God’s Story
+ The last year of wandering in the desert. The Israelites came back to Kadesh where they rebelled against God’s will and refused to go into the land of Canaan.

+ Israelites complained again as their fathers did. Moses did not give glory to God and was denied entry into the promised land. Miriam and Aaron passed away.

+ Edom denied Israelite’s passage on the eastern shore of Jordan River. God forbit them to wage war against the Edom so the Israelites were forced to go on the tough trek around Edom. Israelites complained again and God punished them with venomous snakes. Moses pleaded to God. God commanded Moses to make a bronze snake and put it up. Anyone looked up to the snake was saved. This foretold the coming of the Christ (John 3:13-14).

+ Contrasting with man’s unfaithfulness and complaints, God faithfully lead the Israelites to the promised land.

### Meditation: My Story
+ **Fidelity** – Moses sinned by not giving glory to God. Even though Moses had done many great things, God did not let it pass. God denied Moses as he pleaded to let him go into the promised land. Analogous to increased responsibilities for the priests serving in the tent of meeting, we must become more alert as we get closer to God. Will I ever take lightly God’s holiness in my journey with Him? 

+ **Walking with God** – Sin repeats itself from generations to generations. The bronze snake cannot remove all sins from man, but Jesus can. Moses raised the bronze snake foretold the salvation of the Christ. Pray and thank Jesus for His forgiveness and salvation.
