---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 14 Day 1: Korah’s Mutiny"
date:   2018-04-23
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk14-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 14
dayNum: 1
bibleTitle1: "Numbers 16-17"
bibleGatewayRef1: "num.16-17"
youVersionRef1: "NUM.16"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 92"
bibleGatewayRef2: "ps.92"
youVersionRef2: "PSA.92"
language: English
---

### Question
**Who established Aaron’s priesthood that Korah challenged?**

{%- include BibleLinks-en.html -%}

### Meditation: God’s Story
+ Korah, a descendant of Levi, lead some Israelites to challenge Moses for the appointment of Aaron and his descendant’s priesthood. Moses asked them to come in front of God and be tested with fire. God brought about something totally new to destroy Korah and everyone and everything associated with him.

+ The day after Korah’s incident the whole Israelite community grumbled against Moses and Aaron. They blamed Moses and Aaron for the death of Korah and associates. God was angry and brought plague to the people. Moses ordered Aaron to atone for the Israelites in between the living and the dead. The plague stopped.

+ God commanded Moses to get 12 staffs from the leaders of the tribes. With their names on the staff and place in front of the ark of covenant law. The staff from Levi with Aaron’s name was the only one that sprouted, budded, blossomed, and produced almonds. God used this to show the people that it was His will the Levites were chosen.

### Meditation: My Story
+ **Identity** – Aaron was established by God as high priest and no one can substitute for him. Likewise, no one can substitute for Lord Jesus Christ! The Israelites approached God only through Aaron and his descendants. Today, everyone can approach God through Jesus Christ. Am I approaching God through my own means?

+ **Fidelity** – Aaron stood in between the living and the dead to atone for them. Do I live for my own benefit or do I pray for others?
