---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 35 Day 1: Testimony in Jerusalem"
date: 2018-09-17 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk35-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 35
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We are completing the reading on the Book of Acts and starting on the Book of Romans.

Romans was written in Corinth when Paul was on his third missionary trip. It was written to the disciples in Rome who were mostly Gentiles and some Jews. This is the most influential book in Bible in the history of church. The significance of its topics, the references to the Old Testament, the vastness of its subjects, and the wealth of God’s grace are second to none in all books of Bible. 

May you all be renewed in God’s word every day.

### Question     
What dangers did Paul face in Jerusalem?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God’s Story   
+ Paul went on to Jerusalem despite dangers. 

+ Paul stated his repentance and portrayed God’s calling. 

+ Paul escaped death for his Roman citizenship. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** – When facing the crowd and his life was threatened, Paul calmly spoke to the crowd for he believed in God that he would be used for His purpose. Let us lean on God and ask Him to transform our lives so that we can have a genuine relationship with God like Paul. 

+ **Fidelity** – Persecution gave Paul the chance to testify for the gospel to the crowd. In time of distress, would I see God’s plan and find it as opportunity to testify for the gospel? 
