---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 16 Day 4: Love only God"
date:   2018-05-10
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk16-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 16
dayNum: 4
bibleTitle1: "Deuteronomy 6-7"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 109"
language: English
---

### Question
**How did Moses encourage the Israelites to despise idol and love only God?**

{%- include BibleLinks-en.html -%}

### Meditation: God's Story  
+ Moses told the Israelites: `"The Lord our God, the Lord is one. Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength. Impress them on your children. Talk about them when you sit at home and when you walk along the road, when you lie down and when you get up. Tie them as symbols on your hands and bind them on your foreheads. Write them on the doorframes of your houses and on your gates."`

+ God gave the Anakites to the Israelites, kill them without sympathy. Do not establish covenant, do not marry, and destroy all their idols.

+ Moses reminded the Israelites not to fear the strong Anakites in the land of Canaan. He asked them to remember what God had done to the pharaoh in Egypt. 

### Meditation: My Story  
+ **Walking with God** Moses asked the Israelites to not forget God after they enter the land of milk and honey and enjoy its richness. We always want more of the worldly wealth instead of God. Think about all the blessings God has given me. Do I thank Him for what I have more than complain to Him for what I don't have?

+ **Fidelity** `6:20-24` is about teaching the next generations to fear God and remind them the blessings. Am I a good example of God's blessings? Can I testify to my children for what I have received from the Lord? 

+ **Identity** In `7:7-8`, Moses reminded the Israelites that God loved them not because they were better in anyway, it was simply God's love and faithfulness to all those who love Him and obey His law that He is merciful to them for thousands of generations. What makes me stand before others with full confidence? Is it because I'm better or is it due to my relationship with God?
