---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 16 Day 1: Obtaining the Land up North"
date:   2018-05-07
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk16-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 16
dayNum: 1
bibleTitle1: "Deuteronomy 2-3"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 106"
language: English
---

### Question
**How did Moses summarize the way Israelites complete their wandering in the wilderness and the final push up north?**

{%- include BibleLinks-en.html -%}

### Meditation: God's Story  
+ All the men died 38 years after they refused to enter the land of Canaan due to fear. Now, Israelites obeyed God's command and pushed northward. They entered the land of Edomites, Moabites, and Ammonites peacefully. However, they battled Sihon king of Heshbon when they went through the land as God began to `put terror and fear of the Israelites on all nations under heaven. (Deuteronomy 2:25)`

+ Moses asked God to let him cross the Jordan river but God did not let him. God did, however, let him to go up to mount Pisgah to see the promised land. 

### Meditation: My Story  
+ **Walking with God** Forty years the Lord your God has been with you, and you have not lacked anything. We are often burdened by unimportant things and loose the peace from God even though we lack nothing. Can I let God carry my burdens?

+ **Community** Moses encouraged Joshua: `Do not be afraid of them; the Lord your God himself will fight for you (Deu. 3:22)` Is there someone I can give encouragement to?

+ **Community** Those two and half tribes gotten their lands before entering the promised land helped the rest of the people enter the promised land before settling on their one land. Have I thought about sharing what I have before indulging myself in Lord's blessings?
