---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 76 Day 4: Arise to Shine"
date: 2019-7-4 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk76-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 76
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
How should God's anointed to act out the righteousness in the world?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Arise, shine, the glory of the Lord rises upon you, the nations will come to your light. 

+ All will be gathered to you. For the nation or kingdom that will not serve you will perish. 

+ Although you have been forsaken and hated, the Lord will make you the everlasting pride and the joy of all generations. 

+ The Lord will be your everlasting light. 

+ The Spirit of the Sovereign Lord is on the anointed one to proclaim good news to the poor and the year of the Lord's favor. 

+ They will rebuild the ancient ruins and restore the places long devastated; they will renew the ruined cities that have been devastated for generations. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Do I have joy in the Lord and rejoice because of Him? Let me witness the produce in the field, the fruit in the orchard, see the righteousness and praises from the people, and shout out with joy each and every day in Him. 

+ **Fidelity** - The Spirit of the Sovereign Lord is on the anointed one, to proclaim good news to the poor, bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim freedom for the captives and release from darkness for the prisoners, to proclaim the year of the Lord's favor and the day of vengeance of our God to comfort all who mourn. Each and every one of us Christians are the anointed and chosen by our God, how am I living out the responsibility of the anointed? 
