---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 76 Day 1: Enlarge Your Place"
date: 2019-7-1 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk76-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 76
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
The Book of Isaiah we are currently reading is one of my most loved. It is full of heart felt messages of promise and hope.

Here is a familiar passage in Isaiah 53:4 Surely he took up our pain and bore our suffering, yet we considered him punished by God, stricken by him, and afflicted. 5 But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; the punishment that brought us peace was on him, and by his wounds we are healed.

The prophet told us how the life of Messiah would be like. Today, we as the saved people of Jesus, must learn, follow, and be strengthened by His example to serve. If you served others with your entire life's energy but received no recognition that made your endeavor seemed invisible, then there's no use to seek thanks and gratitude. If this is how people see what Jesus had done for them, then there's no use to expect being treated properly. We must take lightly the misunderstandings from others, not just shying away from them. There are setbacks in all successful services. One carries the burden to bring healing to all. The burden of the cross can be light if we can see the ultimate victory. Jesus has already taken up our sorrow so we shall take it up for others. It is easy to tell others that it is not hard to get rid of sorrow, but it is not so easy to share their sorrow. Put our shoulders with under their burdens and put our hearts into their struggles. Although we are not strong enough to carry the burdens, but we can bring them to God and lead them to rest under His wings.

May you all be renewed in His word each day!

### Question     
What salvation did God promise the Israelites?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Enlarge the place of your tent, your descendants will dispossess nations. 

+ Do not be afraid; you will not be put to shame. 

+ In a surge of anger, God hid His face from you for a moment, but with everlasting kindness He will have compassion on you. 

+ In righteousness you will be established: Tyranny will be far from you; you will have nothing to fear. 

+ Give ear and come to God; listen, that you may live. He will make an everlasting covenant with you. 

+ Seek the Lord while He may be found; call on Him while He is near. Let the wicked forsake their ways, for He will freely pardon. 

+ God's ways are higher than your ways and His thoughts than your thoughts. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - In the surge of His anger, God has everlasting kindness and compassion on us. The peace in Him cannot be denied by the worldly suffering and dread. Think about His everlasting kindness and compassion. Make that my comfort and strength. 

+ **Integrity** - Let the wicked forsake their ways and the unrighteous their thoughts. Let them turn to the Lord, and He will have mercy on them, and to our God, for He will freely pardon. Ask God to purify our hearts. Let me ask Him to forgive my sins and all things I have done to displease Him.
