---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 74 Day 1: Woe to Arrogance"
date: 2019-6-17 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk74-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 74
dayNum: 1
language: English
---
### Forward     
We continue to read the Book of Isaiah this week. From Isaiah's prophecy about Israel, on one hand, we can see the grace of the Lord, on the other, we can see His righteousness. There's no need for the believers who are on the solid foundation with the precious cornerstone to rush because mercy is the basis for which we stand. For those who refuse the Lord will be washed away by His righteousness and there's a grim news for them: there will be judgment at the end when God's glory is shown through His disciples. The flood of righteousness will inundate their hiding places, under the roses of grace there are the thorns of righteousness. The loving embrace God extends to all will strike back on His enemies. Fairness is shown through lively love. So, refuse blessing results only in curse. Under the great privilege comes the great responsibility. Refuse to respond to the Good News is the greatest tragedy.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
What is the consequence of Assyria king's arrogance?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ In the fourteenth year of King Hezekiah's reign, Sennacherib king of Assyria attacked all the fortified cities of Judah and captured them. 

+ The king of Assyria sent his field commander with a large army from Lachish to King Hezekiah at Jerusalem. The field commander slandered against Judah. 

+ When King Hezekiah heard this, he tore his clothes and put on sackcloth and went into the temple of the Lord. He sent his men to the prophet Isaiah. 

+ Isaiah comforted Hezekiah's men. 

+ Hezekiah prayed to the Lord. 

+ Isaiah prophesied woe would come to the king of Assyria for his pride. The angel of the Lord went out and put to death a hundred and eighty-five thousand in the Assyrian camp. 

+ The king of Assyria was killed by his sons. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The Lord reminded us that: "Long ago I ordained it. In days of old I planned it." Have I learned what the Lord has done through Bible and know how he loves me through my own experiences? Contemplate on this and give thanks to the Lord.
