---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 45 Day 2: Goal of Command"
date: 2018-11-27 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk45-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 45
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
Where is love coming from?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ In serving church, we must be careful not to teach false doctrines, not devote to myths or endless genealogies. None of these are of any help to growth in faith. 

+ The goal of the commands in urging people of church is love, which comes from a pure heart and a good conscience and a sincere faith. 

+ Law is for the lawbreakers. It should be used appropriately and not against the principles of gospel. 

+ The Lord elected the sinners by grace and pours onto them with faith and love. He saves even the worst among the sinners for the world to see. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - False doctrine is not necessarily other religions but to pollute and confuse the believers with something added to the gospel. What does it mean by false doctrines, myths, and endless genealogies? Have I seen similar things in my Bible study small group? Why does it promote controversial speculations rather than advancing God's work? 

+ **Integrity** - Love (agape) comes from a pure heart, good conscience, and sincere faith. It helps us to stand firm on the truth. We have learned in First Corinthians about how the agape love is grown. What is a pure heart, a good conscience, and sincere faith? 
