---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 46 Day 4: Duty of Evangelist"
date: 2018-12-6 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk46-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 46
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
What is the duty of those who want to live a godly life?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Everyone who wants to live a godly life in Christ Jesus will be persecuted, but the Lord always rescues them. 

+ Endeavor in learning the truth, for the Holy Scriptures make you wise for salvation in Christ Jesus. All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness, so that the servant of God may be thoroughly equipped for every good work. 

+ Preach the word; be prepared in season and out of season; correct, rebuke and encourage-with great patience and careful instruction. Keep your head in all situations, endure hardship, do the work of an evangelist, and discharge all the duties of your ministry. 

+ Fight the good fight, finish the race, and keep the faith. There is in store the crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous Judge, will award to all who long for His appearing. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - We must endeavor in learning the truth so we may stand firm; we must preach the word and discharge all duties of our ministry. This is God's command through Paul to Timothy and to remind us. Thanks to the Lord that we are almost halfway through out two year Bible reading plan. What is your thought in the past year of learning God's word? Don't worry if you paused. Pick it up again anywhere and remember to share the essence of the Bible and to share the great works of God almighty! 

+ **Walking with God** - Everyone who wants to live a godly life in Christ Jesus will be persecuted. However, God would rescue us even as we are being persecuted and bring us closer to Him. Those who long for His appearance would be awarded with the crown of righteousness on that glorious day! How do the promises of this life and hope for the eternal life help us who are living near the end of time and to encourage us to endeavor even more? 
