---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 46 Day 3: Approved Worker Unashamed"
date: 2018-12-5 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk46-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 46
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
How a worker who present himself to God as approved and unashamed should act?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The unashamed worker who preset himself to God as being approved, correctly handles the word of truth and does not quarrel about words; 

+ He avoids godless chatter which would indulge people to become more and more ungodly; He flees the desires of youth along with those who call on the Lord out of a pure heart; 

+ He is not quarrelsome but kind, able to teach, not resentful. He gently instructs and hopes that God would lead others to repentance and to a knowledge of truth. 

+ God's solid foundation stands firm! The Lord knows those who are his and everyone who confesses the name of the Lord must turn away from wickedness. 

+ There will be terrible times in the last days, we shall have nothing to do with those who are godly on the surface but corrupted on the inside and control the gullible and weak. Their folly will be clear to everyone. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - We may feel powerless seeing those who do not listen and acting on their own desires and those being held captive by the false religions and idols. However, God's foundation stands firm! He knows those who are his and everyone who confesses the name of the Lord must turn away from wickedness. How does this promise bring hope to me? I might be burdened by the aforementioned people. Let me pray to the omnipotent God who is in control and made all the beautiful promises for those people. 

+ **Integrity** - We must present ourselves to God as the approved workers and not being ashamed. This passage reminds us how to handle God's word (correctly handle the word of truth, not quarrel about words), fellowship (flee the desires of youth along with those who call on the Lord out of a pure heart), treat the weak minded and sinful people (teach kindly, not to resent, instruct gently, and give hope in God). Have I experienced quarrel in words and not correctly handle the word of truth in my bible study group, fellowship, or daily conversations? Have I focused on food and entertainment in fellowship? Am I lack in patience and not willing to kindly teach and gently instruct (especially my spouse and children)? Let me pray to the Lord and present myself as an approved worker. 
