---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 46 Day 1: Godliness with Contentment"
date: 2018-12-3 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk46-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 46
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We are continuing the reading on the first and then the second book of Timothy.

It was stated in the first book of Timothy that the goal of command is love. Love God and love others with all your heart, all your soul, and all your mind. It is the goal of the law and the ways of the prophets. For a pure heart and good conscience bring out the sincere faith. For a pure heart is compassionate which does not only worry about being blind to the needs, but a will to help with the boldness of not worrying about being misunderstood. A sincere faith bringing out love and hope takes people to God whom they can lean on. When our spirits are filled with God's love, our hearts then turn to the direction of love.

May you all be renewed in God's word every day!

### Question     
How to flee from the desire and love of money?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Those who being holy for love of money bring about controversies and destruction. 

+ Love of money is a root of all kinds of evil. Eagerness for money, causes one to wander from the faith and pierces themselves with many griefs; Holiness with contentment is great gain to God's people. 

+ Man of God, flee from love of money, and pursue righteousness, godliness, faith, love, endurance and gentleness. 

+ Those who are rich shall not make wealth, which is uncertain, as their hope but put it to good use wisely, make it a blessing for others, and take hold of the life that is truly life. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - God's people shall fee from the love of money. They shall pursue righteousness, godliness, faith, love, endurance and gentleness. It is to flee first then to pursue after. Rather, both shall be done concurrently. While getting away from corruption, we shall press toward the goal. Let me think about the meaning of righteousness, godliness, faith, love, endurance, and gentleness. How do these help me to build a firm foundation and take hold of the life that is truly life? 

+ **Identity** - Money is not evil but the temptation and love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. The uncertain wealth pierces us with many griefs. Put our hope in God, who richly provides us with everything for our enjoyment, helps us to lay up treasure as a firm foundation to take hold of the life that is truly life. What is my view of money? How am I putting my hope on money, which is uncertain, instead of God who provides me with everything? Have I ever been pierced by griefs and lack in peace? How shall I put my hope on God who provides me with everything? 
