---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 55 Day 1: Anointed Once Again"
date: 2019-2-4
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk55-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 55
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We start reading the Second Samuel this week. David’s life is a rich story in which we see whether he was up high on the peak or sink low in bottom of the valley of his life, David never forget to pray and inquire of the Lord for His will just as we’d love to hear God’s guidance for everything we do. Even though we no longer have the ephod and lightening in the clouds, we may still hear God’s voice. The beginning of wisdom comes from the relationship with God and knowing God is the only way to know what pleases Him. We may still hear directly from God, but He has already given us the Bible.

God’s word is not just words on paper. It is alive, active, and sharper than any double-edged sword. As long we are willing to be transformed, we would be able to validate His pure and joyful will, to let the Holy Spirit wield the precious sword to become the weapon of His word and the works of the Spirit. 

For the wisdom we may lack, the Lord who is so abundant and full of blessings will grant it to us.

May you all be renewed in His word each day!

### Question     
How is it different for Ish-Bosheth being king and David being king?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ A young Amalekite came to David to report the death of Saul and claimed that he had killed him. David executed the young man for he killed the Lord’s anointed. He then mourned for Saul and Jonathan and written for them the lament of the bow.

+ The people of Judah anointed David in Hebron. David reigned in Hebron as king of Judah for seven years and six months. At the same time, the commander of Saul’s army, Abner, made the son of Saul the king of Israel in Mahanaim. The war between the house of David and the hous of Saul started.

+ Abner challenged Judah and started fighting with Joab. They began with a small fight with a few involved then escalated into an all-out fierce war with heavy lost on both sides.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** What are the differences in the following three instances of kingship? Abner making Ish-Bosheth king, Judah anointing David as king, and the Israelites casting lot to select Saul as king. Thinking about the differences between a life following God’s will and a life following the world’s will, what kind of life do I want to live?

+ **Community** We see the friendship between David and Jonathan in the lament of the bow. How is it different from the worldly friendships? Abner and Joab started with restrained fight then escalated to become fierce civil war between brothers. This led to the killing of Asahel and Joab’s hatred. They were all descendant of Jacob and children of God. What turned them into enemies? What disputes between them do I see are happening in today’s Christians that started as insignificant competition then turned into vicious fight? Have I experienced anything like thi and need to atone before the Lord?
