---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 50 Day 1: Submit for God"
date: 2018-12-31 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk50-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 50
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
Happy New Year!  

We continue reading the first and second book of Peter.

The meaning of suffering is fully portrayed in the first book of Peter. In this Christmas season, it brings the thought on how those of us who are suffering may be helped by Jesus' suffering. We persevere and strengthen our hearts to wait for Jesus' coming just like those early believers who suffered persecutions to experience His presence in difficult circumstances. Living without peace is caused by the gap between God's promise and the harsh reality. However, God is capable of closing that gap to display the meaning of His son's birth in the humble manger.

Humbly accept life's hardships, patiently face the suffering, do not give up and be consumed, but by the name of God and His promises, carry on through the turbulence with tenacity. Like precious metals, we are being refined by fire. Like grains in the fields, we await patiently for the spring rain to come. We declare victory by Jesus' love.

May you all be renewed in His word each day!

### Question     
What kind of relationship with others can be seen in those who have reborn life?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ We as foreigners and exiles, shall abstain from sinful desires, live good lives, so others may see our good deeds and glorify God. 

+ Submit ourselves for the Lord's sake to every human authority, to the emperor or the governors; In reverent fear for God, submit to our masters, whether they are harsh or good and considerate; For the Lord's sake, wives shall submit to husbands, dressed in pure heart and reverent live, if any of their husbands do not believe the word, they may be won over without words by the behavior of their wives. 

+ For people of God, husbands shall be considerate living with their wives, and treat them with respect. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - We are foreigners and exiles of this world. How is such identity like? What is the focus of my life in this world? Am I seeing this temporary tent as a permanent house? 

+ **Integrity** - Abstain from sinful desires, which wage war against your soul. What is the meaning that it "wages war against your soul?" Do I have a real-life example? Abstain from sinful desires is done once or is it a continuous process? What is my experience with that? 

+ **Integrity** - Live such good lives among the pagans that, though they accuse you of doing wrong, they may see your good deeds and glorify God. Why do the pagans accuse me? What is the purpose of my good deeds? 

+ **Integrity** - What is our relationship with our country's authorities and bosses at work? What about relationship with our spouses? Think about my attitude and conduct according to this passage. Ask for the Lord's help to change me to know my identity, so that my attitude and conduct are commensurate to the grace I receive. 
