---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 50 Day 3: Suffering for Faith"
date: 2019-1-2 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk50-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 50
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
What should be the attitude toward suffering for being a Christian?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Rejoice in the suffering for being a Christian as it is a participation in the sufferings of Christ, so that we may be overjoyed when his glory is revealed. 

+ Elders shall be shepherds of God's flock that is under your care, watching over them-not because you must, but because you are willing, as God wants you to be. Not lording it over those entrusted to you, but being examples to the flock. When Christ appears, you will receive the crown of glory that will never fade away. 

+ You who are younger, submit yourselves to your elders. 

+ Clothe yourselves with humility toward one another. Cast all your anxiety on him. Be alert and of sober mind, stand firm in faith and resist the devil. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - What are the possible scenarios where Christians might suffer for their Christian identity? In this time of peace and freedom and within my own circumstance, how might I suffer for being a Christian? Have I ever been in a situation where I might suffer for being a Christian? Have I had such opportunity but covered up my Christian identity and felt guilty? How does this passage (4:12-19) encourage me? 

+ **Integrity** - What did God urge through Peter those who are church elders? Let me pray for the elders and pastors in my church. How shall I respond to their shepherding? How shall I treat them? How did Peter describe the works of devil? How shall I respond to the devil's attack? 
