---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 50 Day 6: Lord will Come"
date: 2019-1-5 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk50-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 50
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
How shall we prepare ourselves for the day of the Lord's coming that He had promised?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ There will be scoffers in the last days scoffing the Lord's promise is not real. 

+ The Lord is not slow in keeping his promise, as some understand slowness. Instead he is patient, not wanting anyone to perish, but everyone to come to repentance. 

+ The day the Lord comes, all elements will be destroyed by fire; There will be a new heaven and a new earth where the righteous dwells by His promise. 

+ We shall make every effort to be found spotless, blameless and at peace with Him; Do not distort what Paul wrote in his letters and other scriptures, or be destroyed; Be on guard not to be carried away by the error of the lawless, grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - How shall I prepare myself to face the Lord at peace? Bible should not be interpreted erroneously. What does it mean to interpret erroneously? What is the result of erroneous interpretation? How to avoid erroneous interpretation? How does this remind me about studying Bible and devotion? 

+ **Integrity** - The promise of the Lord's coming is real. He is not slow but patient, wanting all to come to repentance, and not wanting anyone to perish. Do I have the same merciful heart toward others? The day of His coming, all elements will be destroyed by fire and there will be a new heaven and a new earth. How does this promise contradict with things I am pursuing? 
