---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 50 Day 2: Suffering for Good"
date: 2019-1-1 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk50-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 50
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
What should be the attitude toward suffering for doing good?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Be like-minded, be sympathetic, love one another, be compassionate and humble. Therefore, be alert and of sober mind so that you may pray. Offer hospitality to one another without grumbling. Use whatever gift you have received to serve others with the strength God provides, so that in all things God may be praised through Jesus Christ. Do not repay evil with evil or insult with insult. On the contrary, repay evil with blessing. 

+ If you suffer for what is right, you are blessed. In your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect. 

+ We shall obey God's will for our suffering and follow Jesus' example. 

+ Arm ourselves with Jesus' attitude to suffer for righteousness so that our bodies are done with sins. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - What shall be my attitude toward suffering for doing good? What examples did Lord Jesus Christ give us? What spiritual benefits does suffer for righteousness bring? 

+ **Integrity** - How should we treat one another? Repay evil with evil, insult with insult, do not purify us in front of God because this is no different than doing evil. What does this remind me of? What does it mean that love covers over a multitude of sins? Have I experienced such love? Or, would I cover their sins if I love those who are unlovable? 
