---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 94 Day 1: Deliverance after Judgment"
date: 2019-11-4 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk94-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 94
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the books of the minor prophets. The important message in these books reveals the truth about God. God is slow to anger, yet He does not leave he guilty unpunished. This is both righteousness and grace of His glory that cannot be understood by the sinners. Great artworks can only be appreciated by the seeing eyes. Those who are mindful only of themselves can never appreciate the greatness of God and their clogged-up ears can never be penetrated by His glory. The self-centered cannot see beyond their own boundaries.

The sinfulness of human causes us to misinterpret God and thus the inability to appreciate the interweaving righteousness and grace. Christ's gentleness is displayed through His strength as His mercy incorporates judgment on sin. God never leave us alone too far. He is always waiting mercifully for us to turn away from sin. We can see His glory fully, but only when our eyes are opened by the Holy Spirit.

May you all be renewed each day in His word!

### Question     
What happens to God's people after His judgment on them?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Advised those who are humble of the land, who do what He commands, see righteousness, seek humility; perhaps they will be sheltered on the day of the Lord's anger. 

+ Canaan, land of the Philistines, I will destroy you, and none will be left. 

+ Moab will become like Sodom, the Ammonites like Gomorrah-a place of weeds and salt pits, a wasteland forever. 

+ You Cushites, too, will be slain by my sword. I will stretch out my hand against the north and destroy Assyria, leaving Nineveh utterly desolate and dry as the desert. 

+ Woe to the city of oppressors, rebellious and defiled! 

+ Israel, wait for me, declares the Lord, for the day I will stand up to testify. 

+ The Lord will purify the lips of the peoples, that all of them may call on the name of the Lord and serve Him shoulder to shoulder. 

+ Sing, Daughter Zion; shout aloud, Israel! Be glad and rejoice with all your heart, Daughter Jerusalem! 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The Lord points out the four sins of Jerusalem: obeys no one, accepts no correction, does not trust in the Lord, does not draw near to God. Reflect on myself, do I listen to God or myself? Do I accept correction when straying away? Do I lean on Him or on my own ability? Am I close to God and looking up to His glory? 
