---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 71 Day 1: Sorrow turned Joy"
date: 2019-5-27 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk71-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 71
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We'll complete reading the Book of Esther this week and begin to read the Book of Isaiah.

The important message from the Book of Esther is that God is in control of the history, He selects and prepares His people for His plan, and executes and completes it with His own timing. Haman conspired to murder Mordecai and even to destroy and annihilate the Jews due to his jealousy and hatred. The decree was sent to every corner of the kingdom and the air was filled with sadness and hopelessness. But God never stops working and He turns around the impossible: A somber overture transitioned into a miraculous climax; the one who setup the pole became the one impaled onto the pole. The devil was defeated in the face of God and those who love God cannot be conquered. God came into the scene when man could see only the gloomy end. The salvation of the cross is the hope in hopelessness.

My you all be renewed every day in God word.

### Question     
How did the Jews kill and destroy those who hated them?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ On the thirteenth day of the Adar month, the Jews got the upper hand over those who hated them. In the citadel of Susa, the Jews killed and destroyed five hundred men and the ten sons of Haman. 

+ Mordecai wrote to the Jews to have them celebrate annually the fourteenth and fifteenth days of the month of Adar as the time when the Jews got relief from their enemies, their sorrow turned into joy and their mourning into celebration. The days are as days of feasting and joy and giving presents of food to one another and gifts to the poor. 

+ Mordecai the Jew was second in rank to King Xerxes, preeminent among the Jews, and held in high esteem by his many fellow Jews, because he worked for the good of his people and spoke up for the welfare of all the Jews. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Fidelity** - The Jews assembled and fought together to turn sorrow into joy. God's protection is in His miraculous plan but we also need to do our part and work together to fend off our enemies. Are we still lacking in any area of our defense? How may I pray for it? 
