---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 72 Day 1: Rod of Anger"
date: 2019-6-3 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk72-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 72
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue to read the Book of Isaiah this week.

Isaiah’s prophecy of God’s judgment and salvation represents the love of God for all people. God actively invites us, the sinful human, the wicked people, the evil kind, the corrupted children, who are in rebellion, to come to debate.

Shouldn’t the one who breaks the covenant and wants to escape the consequence be the one who initiates a debate? This is yet again God’s love giving man a chance he does not deserve. God, the one being offended, actively seeking reconciliation and teaching man what he does not understand so that man, even though his sin is as red as blood, would be purified as white as snow. God fills our cups with blessings for He who can strike us in an instant, gives us the undeserving chance, opens up a new doorway. Accepting God’s invitation is an act of wisdom so that we may be transformed to new persons in God’s design.

May you all be renewed in God’s word each day!

### Question     
How did God make the Assyrian His whip and rod of anger?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God’s Story   
+ In the past He humbled the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali, but in the future He will honor Galilee of the nations. 

+ For to us a child is born, to us a son is given. 

+ Ephraim and the inhabitants of Samaria are with pride and arrogance of heart. But the Lord has strengthened Rezin’s foes against them. 

+ The people have not returned to Him who struck them. By the wrath of the Lord Almighty the land will be scorched, disaster will come from afar. 

+ The Lord makes the Assyrian, the rod of His anger, the club of His wrath. The Lord Almighty, will send a wasting disease upon the sturdy Assyrian warriors. 

+ The survivors of Jacob will truly rely on the Lord. The burden of the Assyrians will be lifted from their shoulders. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** – God disciplines the Israelites by His love. How do I understand His discipline? Do I truly know my identity as His child, as His beloved, and must be disciplined by Him? 
