---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 44 Day 1: Crown of Glory"
date: 2018-11-19 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk44-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 44
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We will complete reading the first book of Thessalonians and continue to the second book.

Many have never experienced the transforming power of God's word and thus doubt the benefits of reading the Bible, feel frustrated and disappointed, deny His power, and turn to other ways and theories. We need to acknowledge that there is a gap between our Christian identity and our conducts and not doubt God's promise because of the gap. We need to acknowledge that it is a process and struggle. By God's transforming power, we lean ourselves on Jesus Christ to experience the spiritual growth. A growth that has its ups and downs as the Holy Spirit transforms gradually all who are faithful. We ought to use all kinds of wisdoms to internalize Christ's way, to teach and admonish through psalms, hymns, and songs from the Spirit, singing to God with gratitude in our hearts, to acknowledge our own weakness through love of the limbs. Our shortcomings can never overwhelm God's glory!

May you all be renewed in God's word every day!

### Question     
Who is Paul's hope or joy or crown of happiness?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Paul's hope, joy, and crown of happiness is the believers when they stand before Lord Jesus Christ when He comes again. 

+ The reason Paul wanted very much to be with them and sent ahead Timothy was to strengthen and help complete the Thessalonian believers' faith. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Paul worried that His suffering would cause the Thessalonian believers to give up their faith. God uses suffering to strengthen the believers' faith, but it can also be used by Satan as distraction. The suffering Paul remembered the believers. At the same time, the believers' faith was strengthened to bring comfort to Paul. To face suffering has always been difficult but through Paul's suffering, we see God blessed, comforted, and strengthened Paul and Thessalonian believers. How does today's passage help me view the sufferings myself or others are facing? 

+ **Community** - God gave us shepherds who look after us. Likewise, there may be others who need our shepherding. How does Paul's love to the believers remind me to love those around me? How does believers' response to Paul remind me how I shall respond to my shepherds? 
