---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 82 Day 1: Punishment of Moab"
date: 2019-8-12 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk82-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 82
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue to read the Book of Jeremiah this week. Jeremiah regain freedom, was favored by the king and given the right to settle in Babylon. However, with the heart of a shepherd, Jeremiah chose to stay put.

Jeremiah knew it was God's will to restore the remnant of Judah who were carried off to Babylon in exile. Jeremiah loved the land and its people as a shepherd. He made a hard choice in his service, but it was a clear choice. Life would have been easy in Babylon where he was respected, but Jeremiah, a faithful servant and prophet, gave up his own comfort and prosperity like a true shepherd.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
What would become of the Philistines and Moabites?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jeremiah prophesied the day had come for the Lord to destroy all the Philistines and to remove all survivors who could help Tyre and Sidon. 

+ Jeremiah prophesied the punishment to Moab, the woe to Nebo, the disgrace and capture of Kiriathaim and the shattering of Misgab. 

+ Moab would be ashamed of Chemosh, as Israel was ashamed when they trusted in Bethel. 

+ Moab had defied the Lord and ridiculed Israel, for her arrogance, her insolence, her pride, her conceit, and the haughtiness of her heart. 

+ The fortunes of Moab would be restored. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The destruction of the Philistines came from the Lord. Who is in control of the rise and fall of the nations today? How do I look at the politics of the world? How does my view affect me? 
