---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 65 Day 2: Appearance of God"
date: 2019-4-16 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk65-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 65
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
How did God appear to Solomon?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ When Solomon finished praying, fire came down from heaven and consumed the burnt offering and the sacrifices, and the glory of the Lord filled the temple. 

+ King and all the people offered sacrifices before the Lord. 

+ Solomon observed the festival at that time for seven days with all Israel. 

+ Lord appeared to Solomon and told him his prayer was heard and "If you walk before me faithfully as David your father did, and do all I command, and observe my decrees and laws, I will establish your royal throne, as I covenanted with David your father when I said, 'You shall never fail to have a successor to rule over Israel.' But if you turn away and forsake the decrees and commands I have given you and go off to serve other gods and worship them, then I will uproot Israel from my land."  

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - God promises if we will humble ourselves and pray and seek His face and turn from our wicked ways, then He will hear from heaven, and He will forgive our sin and will heal our land. How does this help me when I'm low and need help? 

+ **Fidelity** - What was the reason God accepted the temple Solomon built and the burnt offering? Has God accepted my offerings? Why? 
