---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 78 Day 1: Must be Punished"
date: 2019-7-15 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk78-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 78
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
Jeremiah was called by God to be His vessel in the Book of Jeremiah. God chose Jeremiah while he was still in the womb to bring His word to the nations for the people. Whether the world welcomes or not, the people listen or not, the word through the prophet came direct from God and has His authority and is significant its meaning. God did not call anyone to be prophet but we all can be His vessel to spread His word because the Holy Spirit lives in everyone of us and His word is already written in the Bible.

May you all be renewed in His word each day!

### Question     
Why did God say the city of Jerusalem must be punished?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Warned the people of Benjamin to flee from Jerusalem, for disaster looms out of the north, even terrible destruction. 

+ The Lord declared the city of Jerusalem must be punished. It must take warning as it is filled with oppression. 

+ Let enemies glean the remnant of Israel as thoroughly as a vine, because they have not listened to God's words and have rejected His law. 

+ An army is coming from the land of the north, armed with bow and spear to attack Zion. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The Lord says to the Judah: "Ask where the good way is, and walk in it, and you will find rest for your souls." But they wont walk in it. Why didn't they choose the Lord's way? What ways am I choosing today instead of the Lord's way and therefore unable to find peace? 

+ **Fidelity** - The Judah "From the least to the greatest, all are greedy for gain; prophets and priests alike, all practice deceit. They dress the wound of my people as though it were not serious. 'Peace, peace,' they say, when there is no peace." We as God's servant today how much awareness do we have with the realities and the needs of the world? How may I face the injustice with grace and honesty?

