---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 92 Day 1: Punish Their Sins"
date: 2019-10-21 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk92-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 92
dayNum: 1
language: English
---
### Foreword     
We continue to read the books of the Minor Prophets this week. The prophecy of God's judgment and restoration of Israel and Judah are recorded in these books. While reading these books, I could not stop but thanking God for His grace that we are free because of Jesus' salvation, the heavenly light that shines on us, the incomparable mercy and love that surround us, the justification of Jesus' blood, and the shroud of the Lord God Almighty. Let's be grateful and alert from studying these books and make them the source of the energy that enables us to run the race on path to heaven.
May you all be renewed each day from God's word!

### Question     
Why God punishes Israelites of their sins?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God had chosen only Israel of all the families of the earth; therefore He will punish them for all their sins. 
+ The Sovereign Lord has spoken-who can but prophesy? 
+ The Lord warns the descendants of Jacob. On the day I punish Israel for her sins, I will destroy the altars of Bethel; the horns of the altar will be cut off and fall to the ground. 
+ You cows of Bashan, you women who oppress the poor and crush the needy. The time will sure come when you will be taken away with hooks. 
+ Go to Bethel and sin; go to Gilgal and sin yet more. 
+ God punished Israel with heavy penalties, and they still don't turn back to Him. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Because God's had chosen only Israel from all the families of the earth; He would punish them for all their sins. God loves His people so much that He put heavy emphasis on their cleanliness and holiness. How does this fact encourage and alert me? 
