---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 31 Day 1: The True Godliness"
date: 2018-08-20 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk31-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 31
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue the reading on the Gospel of Luke this week.

The life of Jesus recorded in the Gospel of Luke allows us to see that love is God's response to world's rejection of the truth. From this, we learn not to compromise with the world, not to give up on them, be ever more relentless in preaching the gospel, and be healed of the wounds of rejection by His acceptance of us. As the Samaritans refused Jesus that angered the disciples, even more people refuse gospel today which saddens us. Today, however, is not the judgement day and the work of salvation and its invitation continue. Judgement comes when Jesus, the Son of Man, comes again in glory to right the wrongs of the world.

God's love and patience is undoubtedly seen when Jesus said the Son of Man came to save. We too, should learn from Jesus to bear the world's rejection and to deny ourselves so that others may be saved. We respond with love and patience so that the power of hope is demonstrated amid the societal norm of selfishness and shortsightedness. Let's become messengers of the truth, vessels of the grace, and continue to seek God's mercy and save souls.

May God's word renew you all every day!

### Question     
How did the conflict between Jesus and the Pharisees escalate?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ By God's power, Jesus drove out the daemon. 

+ Blessed are those who hear God's word and obey it. 

+ Jesus gave the sign of Jonah to that generation. 

+ The hypocrisy of the Pharisees is not pleasing to God.  

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Fidelity** - God shows His power through our services. So, we don't serve to show our own abilities, nor do we dread for our insufficiency. Am I relying on myself or God to enable me to serve? 

+ **Integrity** - Jesus criticized the hypocritical Pharisees that they put emphasis on superficial cleanliness but glossed over in cleansing their hearts. Do I seek a fabricated self-image and praises from others or do I desire a purified heart and Godly life? 
