---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 38 Day 1: Wisdom of God"
date: 2018-10-08 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk38-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 38
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We now start the reading on the Book of First Corinthians this week.
The principles we saw in the Book of Romans from past week's reading would be seen in real world applications in the church of Corinth. Is there a large gap from what our identities are and how we should live to the real world? It is our new relationship with Jesus Christ that gives us salvation to enable us to serve God and to live a life full of the light of the Christ. But it does not automatically purify us. We still need to rely on God's grace and power in Christ to work in us to support every moment of our lives. Holiness is a gift and being holy requires work. We need to take the initiation to clothe ourselves in Jesus, to co-work with God, and by faith, to live out that life filled with Christ's light. We need to set our focus on Christ, to let the Holy Spirit lead us on God's way, and to prevent us from doing things not pleasing to God.

May you all be renewed each day in God's word!

### Question     
What is wisdom and where does it come from?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Paul reminded the church of Corinth there should be no division and quarrel. 
+ God wants the church to unite in mind and thought. 
+ God uses the foolish things of the world instead of the wisdom of human to save those who believe. 
+ God does not like those who proclaim to be wise. 
+ God's people are taught His wisdom through the Holy Spirit for the wisdom of human does not understand the mystery of God. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - Have I had caused or even thoughts of division and quarrel? Let me ask God to help me unify with other Christians. 
+ **Integrity** - I am a follower of Christ but am I still living in the infancy of my spiritual life? Pray and ask God to help me have a God centered life instead of focusing on the world. 
