---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 93 Day 1: Warnings for All"
date: 2019-10-28 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk93-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 93
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the books of the Minor Prophets this week. These books convey to the primary readers as well as believers of all ages, the righteousness, the faithfulness, the mercy, and the goodness of God. Reading these books helps us to know God better and to love Him more.

May you all be renewed every day in His word.

### Question     
Why did Judah and Samaria receive the same warnings?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The word of the Lord came to Micah concerning Samaria and Jerusalem that the Lord may bear witness against them from His holy temple. 

+ Because of this, the prophet will weep and wail; will go barefoot and naked. For Samaria's plague is incurable; it has spread to Judah. 

+ Woe to those who plot evil on their beds. They covet fields, houses, defraud people, and rob them of their inheritance. 

+ Therefore, the Lord is planning disaster against this people. Others will taunt them with mournful song. 

+ The Lord will surely gather all of Jacob, bring together the remnant of Israel, like sheep in a pen. 

+ Warns the leaders of Jacob, rulers of Israel who hate good and love evil. Warns the prophets who lead the people astray and falsely proclaim peace. 

+ Warns the leaders of Jacob, rulers of Israel who despise justice and distort all that is right, Zion will be plowed, Jerusalem will become a heap of rubble. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Because the leaders of Jacob and rulers of Israel despised justice and distorted all that is right, Zion would be plowed and Jerusalem would become a heap of rubble. Our conducts may bring blessings for others but may also bring suffering. How am I behaving?
