---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 80 Day 1: Sent and Seized"
date: 2019-7-29 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk80-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 80
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We will continue to read the Book of Jeremiah this week. Jeremiah was mocked by everyone, with terror all around, and all his friends were waiting for him to slip.

This is how the enemies of God treat His servants. It is a reality Jeremiah had to face in that those who pronounces God's word would be persecuted and brushed aside by all. Faith will not divert trouble for us. Instead, it forces us to face the problems of the world. Our emotion goes from anger to revenge and then becomes joyous in worshiping. Remember the promises God gave us and believe that He is with us forever. There's no wisdom in those who persecute and they will be humiliated.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
How was Jeremiah attacked by the priests and the prophets?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Early in the reign of Jehoiakim, the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah to tell him to stand in the courtyard of the Lord's house and speak to all the people of the town of Judah to tell them everything the Lod had commanded him to say. 

+ As soon as Jeremiah finished telling all the people everything the Lord had commanded him to say, the priests, the prophets and all the people seized him and said, "You must die!" 

+ Jeremiah said to all the officials and all the people: "The Lord sent me to prophesy against this house and this city." 

+ The officials and all the people said to the priests and the prophets: "This man should not be sentenced to death! He has spoken to us in the name of the Lord our God." 

+ Uriah heard Jeremiah's prophesy and King Jehoiakim struck him down with a sword. 

+ Ahikam supported Jeremiah, and so he was not handed over to the people to be put to death. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Fidelity** - God commanded Jeremiah to tell His wrath and not to omit a word. Jeremiah followed but was attacked. It is not easy to speak for God. What encouragement can I get from Jeremiah's example? 
