---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 49 Day 1: Trials of Faith"
date: 2018-12-24 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk49-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 49
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We completed reading the book of Hebrews last week. This week, we are going to read the books of James and the First Peter.

The book of James describes the relationship between faith and conduct as in the book of Hebrews. The Superior Sacrifice in the book of Hebrews is not just an academic discussion because our lives cannot be divided into two parts, worldly and spiritual, or live a life in the weekdays then another in the weekends. When the truth is not reflected in our lives, then the teachings are no longer realized, trainings become self-fulfillment, we no longer live in obedience and our lives can no longer transform. Do not pursue institutionalized religious status and beware of letting faith fall into sallow believe of false teaching. True faith is filled with zeal, is active, and not covered with layers of gowns and curtains. Testify for God's presence with brotherly love, care for the suffering and burdened, reflect Jesus' purity and holiness in faithful marriage, do not love money and be content. Faith should be reflected in all corners of our lives, gospel should be preached through all channels, live like Jesus Christ filled with merciful blessings and truth in our communities, let the world see God's light reflects on us and satisfies the Superior Covenant between God and mankind.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
How does faith grow in trials?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Be Joyful when facing trials because testing of faith produces perseverance. 

+ When being tested, ask God for wisdom which He gives generously to all without finding fault, and it will be given to us. 

+ Believers in humble circumstances ought to take pride in their high position. But the rich should take pride in their humiliation. 

+ Blessed is the one who perseveres under trial because, having stood the test, that person will receive the crown of life. 

+ God does not tempt anyone; but each person is tempted when they are dragged away by their own evil desire and enticed. 

+ Every good and perfect gift is from God who does not change like shifting shadows. 

+ God chose us through the word of truth, that we might be a kind of firstfruits. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - List out the descriptions of God's character in this passage. How may these descriptions help those who are being tested in suffering? Also list out God's will and promises in this passage. Think back in my own trials, have I ever doubted God because I forgot His will and promises? How does or will this passage help me face my current or next challenge? 

+ **Integrity** - Trials come in all shapes and forms. And they come continuously in waves. Summarize from this passage how does a beautiful life born out of perseverance in suffering? How does this hope bring joy? Think about my experiences or through other people's testimonies of God's goodness.
