---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 49 Day 6: Life in Salvation"
date: 2018-12-29 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk49-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 49
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
In what aspects of life would the rebirth be displayed?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ A life reborn in salvation is obedient, holy, and lives in reverent fear. 

+ A life reborn in salvation does not rely on perishable things such as silver or gold, but the precious blood of Christ, and has faith and hope in God. 

+ A life reborn in salvation loves others deeply from the heart. 

+ A life reborn in salvation craves pure spiritual milk to grow up. 

+ A life reborn in salvation is like a living stone being built into a spiritual house to be a holy priesthood, offering spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God. 

+ A life reborn in salvation has a new identity of royal priesthood, of holy nation and of God's special possession with a new mission to declare God's wonderful light. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - With a reborn life, I shall be changed in my desires. What does this passage tell me about the spiritual milk that I shall be craving? Is my craving of this spiritual milk befitting my new identity? What should I be relying on in my reborn life? People often realize what they rely on is not God only when they fall out of their safety net. What do I need to lose to feel danger and hopelessness? 

+ **Identity** - How has my identity changed when I was reborn? What do this mean to me: chosen people, royal priesthood, holy nation, God's special possession? How am I living out this new identity? 

+ **Fidelity** - A reborn life has a new mission. How does the mission of declare God's wonderful light relate to my new identity? What attitude and motivation should a royal priest hold when preaching gospel? 
