---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 70 Day 1: Purify the Temple"
date: 2019-5-20 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk70-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 70
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We will complete the reading of the Book of Nehemiah this week and start on the Book of Esther.

Nehemiah dedicated the wall and all people were in great joy. The greatest joy of life is not the fulfillment of material desires as it cannot be forever satisfied in what is gained and will always be lost. Only the joy from sacrificing to God gives us the eternal memory for He enables us to be joyous in the midst of all difficulties and struggles. It is holy and pleasing to God to offer, to let go, and to commit ourselves to Him. The sound of joy in Jerusalem can be heard in faraway lands and our joy can bring those who are lost.

May you all be renewed each day in God's word.

### Question     
What purification work did Nehemiah do in Jerusalem?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ No Ammonite or Moabite should ever be admitted into the assembly of God. 

+ Eliashib provided Tobiah with a large room in the temple. Nehemiah was greatly displeased and threw all Tobiah's household goods out of the room. 

+ Nehemiah saw people in Judah treading winepresses on the Sabbath and bringing in all kinds of loads into Jerusalem on the Sabbath. Nehemiah warned them against selling food on that day. 

+ Nehemiah rebuked those who married foreigners, made them take an oath in God's name and said: "You are not to give your daughters in marriage to their sons, nor are you to take their daughters in marriage for your sons or for yourselves." 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Israelites did not take care of the Levites, violated the Sabbath, married foreigners, and so on were offenses committed knowingly. Am I doing some inappropriate things knowingly? 

+ **Fidelity** - The people committed offenses when Nehemiah was away from Jerusalem. What responsibility does a leader have toward the people? In correcting the people's behavior, how did Nehemiah's action inspire me? 
