---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 75 Day 1: Raise Up Salvation"
date: 2019-6-24 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk75-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 75
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
Many of you have been endeavoring in God's word each day while some might have had trouble keeping up due to busy schedule. No worry, you can always catch up and continue the journey. Bible study is a lifetime's work, you may start anytime but shall never stop.

In the second half of this year, we'll complete the books of the prophets, both major and minor prophets. If you are not familiar with the books of the prophets, this is a perfect chance to get started. Let us absorb God's will and wisdom from these books.

This week, we continue with the Book of Isaiah. The book of Isaiah is loved by many. It is full of God's promises to give us comfort and encouragement. When we hear the warmth of God's calling "my people" our relationship with Him and privilege as the chosen ones from the entire universe made by God become even sweeter. We are His and He had done for us more than anything among His created; He even sacrificed His own Son to bring us closer to Him.

Let us open our wounded hearts, standing by our precious identity, hold on to the scared hands of Jesus with humbleness, and listen to God calling us "my people." He will not only strengthen us, protect us, but will tenderly look after our emotions, supply us our daily needs, and ensure that we have an abundant life. Just as a loving father worrying about his children's conducts, comforting their tearful eyes and broken hearts, caressing their sunken and disappointed heads, He comforts us, as "my people."

May you all be renewed each day in God's word!  

### Question     
Why did the Lord raise up Cyrus?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ I am the Lord, the Maker of all things, who stretches out the heavens, who spreads out the earth by myself. 

+ This is what the Lord says to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand I take hold of to subdue nations before him. 

+ I will raise up Cyrus in my righteousness. He will rebuild my city and set my exiles free. 

+ Turn to the Lord and be saved, all of us ends of the earth; for He is God, and there is no other. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Does the clay say to the potter, "What are you making?" Does your work say, "The potter has no hands?" We shall obey under God's sovereignty knowing He had created us and is the source of our peace. What doubt do I still have for Him and wondering why something happens not to my liking? Call out to God and try to accept His sovereignty over that "thing." 
