---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 24 Day 1: Bitter to Sweet"
date: 2018-07-02
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk24-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 24
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We will finish reading the Book of Ruth and move on to the New Testament. Next year, we will resume reading the Old Testament with the Book of Samuel in sync with church's sermon series. After Ruth, we will continue on the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament to see how God's plan of salvation started in the Old Testament was being realized.

May our Lord's word renew you all every day!

### Question     
What was Ruth's role in God's plan?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ According to Israelite's law and in the presence of the elders, Boaz and another relative decided on Ruth's marriage. Boaz married Ruth by faith just as Ruth followed Naomi by faith. 

+ Naomi gained an heir who eventually became the ancestor of King David of Israel. Her bitterness turned into sweetness. 

+ God's promises to His people never change. Even a Moabite woman had become an important part of His salvation plan. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Fidelity** - The relative who was closer to Naomi than Boaz was not willing to marry Ruth because "I might endanger my own estate." This was because Ruth's future son would not be under his name and yet would inherit the land he would redeem. So, he would rather not take on the responsibility of redeeming and gave it to Boaz in order to protect his own interest. Although Ruth's child became Naomi's son and named under Elimelek, Boaz's name was the one recorded in Jesus' genealogy: "Boaz the father of Obed, whose mother was Ruth" (Ruth 4:21, Matthew 1:5). Contrasting to the relative who held on to his own estate, Boaz was willing to give up his but was rewarded the greatest blessing. How does Boaz's selfless and faithful service remind me? 
