---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 18 Day 1: Compassionate and Righteous"
date: 2018-05-21
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk18-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 18
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Question     
+ What did Moses say about divorcing the wife, treating newly wedded wife, the widow, the fatherless, and flogging the guilty? 
+ What is the The Family of the Unsandaled?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ `Chapter 24`, a man may divorce his wife if he finds something indecent about her but must write a certificate of divorce. The newly wedded man must not be sent to war or have any other duty laid on him for a year so he can bring happiness to his wife. Because the Israelites have been slaves in Egypt, they should not take advantage of the poor, must be compassionate, should not deprive the foreigner or the fatherless of justice, must help them and give them dignity. It is evil to kidnap and treat or sell others as slaves. Be very careful with skin diseases. Each will die for their own sins, family should not be put to death for them. 

+ `Chapter 25`, the guilty should not be punished for more than the crime deserve. One must carry on his brother's name or become the The Family of the Unsandaled. Even when desperate to help her husband, a woman should not seize other man's private part. Trade must be done fairly `"For the Lord your God detests anyone who does these things, anyone who deals dishonestly."` Do not forget to blot out the name of Amalek. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - God wants Israelites to be compassionate to the foreigners, widows, and the fatherless. He wants them to be helped with dignity. He wants Israelites to be sympathetic and flexible to the poor. Not causing them insurmountable difficulties. God is full of mercy and grace to us. Have I been harsh toward others? 
