---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 66 Day 5: Reign of Joash"
date: 2019-04-26 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk66-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 66
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
Why did Joash behave differently before and after Jehoiada's death?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jehoiada showed his strength. He made a covenant with the heads of Israelite families from all the towns and made Joash king. 

+ Athaliah was slain at the entrance of the Horse Gate on the palace grounds. 

+ Jehoiada then made a covenant that he, the people and the king would be the Lord's people. 

+ Joash was seven years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem forty years. Joash did what was right in the eyes of the Lord all the years of Jehoiada the priest. 

+ Joash decided to restore the temple of the Lord. 

+ After the death of Jehoiada, Joash abandoned the temple of the Lord, the God of their ancestors, and worshiped Asherah poles and idols. 

+ Zechariah son of Jehoiada the priest warned the people but was stoned to death by Joash's order. 

+ The army of Aram marched against Joash, killed all the leaders of the people. Joash was severely wounded and his officials conspired against and killed him in his bed. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - Why did Joash become a different person after Jehoiada's death? Has God sent someone faithful to mentor or guide me? 

+ **Fidelity** - Jehoiada believed firmly in the Lord's promises which gave him the strength to bring up Joash as king. How does this inspire me of my faith and servitude? 
