---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 66 Day 1: Asa became King"
date: 2019-04-22 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk66-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 66
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue the reading of the Second Chronicles this week.  
May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Abijah's son Asa succeeded him as king, and in his days the country was at peace for ten years. Asa did what was good and right in the eyes of the Lord his God. 

+ Zerah the Cushite marched out against Judah, Asa went out to meet him and the Lord struck down the Cushites before Asa and Judah. 

+ Azariah exhorted to Asa, Judah, and Benjamites to obey God. Asa accepted. 

+ Asa removed the detestable idols from the whole land of Judah and Benjamin and from the towns he had captured in the hills of Ephraim. He repaired the altar of the Lord that was in front of the portico of the Lord's temple. 

+ King Asa also deposed his grandmother Maakah from her position as queen mother, because she had made a repulsive image for the worship of Asherah. 

+ In the thirty-sixth year of Asa's reign Baasha king of Israel went up against Judah. Asa sought help from Ben-Hadad king of Aram, who was ruling in Damascus. 

+ Hanani the seer rebuked Asa for relying on the king of Aram and not on the Lord. Asa was angry with the seer and brutally oppressed some of the people. 

+ In the forty-first year of his reign Asa died. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord by removing idols and obeying God's laws. What idols do I need to remove from my life? What laws do I need to remind myself to obey? 

+ **Integrity** - Hanani rebuked Asa but Asa did not take it well. How may I accept the criticisms and warnings from others? Would I hate them for their criticisms and retaliate? 

+ **Integrity** - There were stages in Asa's life. He sinned in his old age that brought about the judgment. What warning do I see in this? How may I stay on the path of Christ's salvation, not veering left or right? 
