---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 66 Day 3: Jehoshaphat's new Policy"
date: 2019-04-24 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk66-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 66
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
What new policies did Jehoshaphat put in place in Judah?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jehoshaphat returned safely to Jerusalem. Jehu the seer son of Hanani exhorted Jehoshaphat that he should not have helped the wicked. 

+ Jehoshaphat lived in Jerusalem, and he went out again among the people and turned them back to the Lord, the God of their ancestors. 

+ In Jerusalem, Jehoshaphat appointed some of the Levites, priests and heads of Israelite families to administer the law of the Lord and to settle disputes. 

+ The Moabites and Ammonites with some of the Meunites came to wage war against Jehoshaphat. Alarmed, Jehoshaphat resolved to inquire of the Lord, and he proclaimed a fast for all Judah. Jehoshaphat stood up at the temple of the Lord in the front of the new courtyard and prayed. 

+ Then the Spirit of the Lord came on Jahaziel son of Zechariah and told them not to be afraid or discouraged because of this vast army, for the battle is not yours but God's. 

+ Lord set ambushes against the men of Ammon and Moab and Mount Seir who were invading Judah, and they were defeated. 

+ The fear of God came on all the surrounding kingdoms when they heard how the Lord had fought against the enemies of Israel. 

+ Jehoshaphat reigned in Jerusalem twenty-five years. He did what was right in the eyes of the Lord. The high places, however, were not removed, and the people still had not set their hearts on the God of their ancestors. 

+ Jehoshaphat king of Judah made an alliance with Ahaziah king of Israel, whose ways were wicked. The Lord would destroy their ships. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Read again Jehoshaphat's prayer when he faced the enemies. What can I learn from that? 

+ **Fidelity** - Jehoshaphat's reform of his governance was to follow God's standard. How does this inspire me? What attitude and knowledge should I have on the politics and laws of the world? 
