---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 66 Day 2: King Jehoshaphat's Reign"
date: 2019-04-23 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk66-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 66
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
What did Jehoshaphat do in the third year of his reign?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jehoshaphat his son succeeded him as king and strengthened himself against Israel. 

+ In the third year of his reign he sent his officials taking with them the Book of the Law of the Lord to teach people in the towns of Judah. 

+ The fear of the Lord fell on all the kingdoms of the lands surrounding Judah, so that they did not go to war against Jehoshaphat but paid tributes. 

+ Jehoshaphat had great wealth and honor, and he allied himself with Ahab king of Israel by marriage. 

+ Ahab urged Jehoshaphat to attack Ramoth Gilead together. Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel to first seek the counsel of the Lord through the prophets. 

+ The messenger who had gone to summon Micaiah asked him to speak favorably. But Micaiah spoke only the word of the Lord to warn Ahab. 

+ Ahab put Micaiah in prison and made him suffer. 

+ The king of Israel entered the battle in disguise but was shot dead by a random arrow. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - In what stage of Jehoshaphat's life did his ally with Ahab? What can I learn from that? How should I treat the wealth God has given me? 

+ **Fidelity** - Jehoshaphat prepared himself against Israel and obeyed God, followed His law. What can I learn from Jehoshaphat of the relationship between my own responsibilities and God's work? 

+ **Fidelity** - Jehoshaphat motivated many of his officials to teach people with the Book of the Law of the Lord. How may I co-work by my fellow Christians to encourage all people to read Bible and to grow spiritually? 
