---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 90 Day 1: Rolled up Sealed"
date: 2019-10-7 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk90-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 90
dayNum: 1
language: English
---
### Foreword     
We continue to read the Book of Daniel this week.
God's hand never stops in His work in history, so Daniel saw victory in the vision. Although the glory is yet to come, evil will be replaced by the kingdom of righteousness eventually.
Jesus had already brought the good news of healing, the renewing of the world, rebuilding the new age. It is not just a war against an enemy of flesh, but the destruction of evil who tempts us. Let us discipline ourselves to endeavor in the understanding of future, pick up the weapon of prayer, and do not be afraid. Because God is fighting for us and the victory is realized in His presence with us.
May you all be renewed in God's word every day!
### Question     
When will Daniel's prophecy be realized?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 
### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The words of prophecy are rolled up and sealed until the time of the end. 
+ Many will be purified, made spotless and refined, but the wicked will continue to be wicked. 
+ None of the wicked will understand, but those who are wise will understand. 
### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Daniel's prophecy will not be realized in his time but rolled up and sealed until the time of the end. Where's my hope? Do I have faith in future, that I will rise to receive my allotted inheritance? 
