---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 91 Day 1: Ties of Love"
date: 2019-10-14 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk91-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 91
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the books of the minor prophets this week, including Hosea, Joel, and Amos. These three prophets warned the Israel of the north and Judah of the south their judgments, for they committed sins repeatedly, rebelled against the Covenant with God. The warnings are also applicable to us, to alert us to keep the covenant, to be responsible for our own actions.
May you all be renewed in God's word every day!

### Question     
How did God lead Israel with the cord of human kindness and ties of love?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ When Israel was a child, God loved him, and called him out of Egypt. 
+ But the more they were called, the more they went away from God. They sacrificed to the Baals and they burned incense to images. 
+ A sword will flash in their cities; it will devour their false prophets and put an end to their plans. 
+ They will follow the Lord; He will roar like a lion. When he roars, His children will come trembling from the west. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - God taught Ephraim to walk, taking them by the arms, led them with cords of human kindness, with ties of love. To them He was like one who lifts a little child to the cheek and bent down to feed them. How does this help me to see and understand God's love? 
