---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 42 Day 1: All Work Together"
date: 2018-11-5 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk42-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 42
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We started on the Book of Ephesians last week. This week, we'll complete that reading and start on the Book of Philippians.

The Book of Ephesians we are studying explained the question of our identity in Christ. The faith of Christians is in Christ. It is the new life coming out of our relationship with Christ in which, instead of being individuals, we are parts of Christ's body that all our actions impart on His body and must be consistent with our identity.  

To understand the identity has nothing to do with philosophy nor theology but has everything to do with the knowledge of who we are. Our identity, consciously or not, defines our spiritual life and material awareness. It is from Christ's grace we received our identity and privileges as a new creation that we cannot boast of. To connect with Christ does not cut us off from the world as an escape from reality. Let the new identity motivate us to transform us even as we live in this world. The new identity does not make an insistence on perfection nor ignorance on sins as we don't want to be self-pitying and arrogant but, as a new creation, the proper response is to worship and be obedient. It is not the law but our identity that we shall not do wrongful things. Faith is not limited to just believing truth, but also the connection with Christ. Living in Christ is living against evil, is a zealous life knowing that being part of Him would bring a total turn around in conduct and moral.

May God's word renew you all each day!

### Question     
What is our responsibility in God's Kingdom?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God's calling to Paul was to make the Gentiles disciples and through Jesus Christ made known to him the mystery to unit Jews and Gentiles with God. For this reason, Paul was not afraid of facing life threatening dangers that encouraged the troubled Ephesians believers. Because he knew for our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all.. 

+ According to God's design, His power is displayed through and in all believers. In one way, it is through the spiritual gifts to each held together by every supporting ligament, at the same time, of the same body, same spirit, one Lord, one faith, one baptism, and one God being the foundation of all disciples' unity. 

+ It is The Holy Spirit gives us the gift of unity but it is up to us to make every effort to keep the unity. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - God does not want a growth just for us as individuals but one with Christ being the head, church being the body, and all disciples connect to Christ together growing as one. Am I willing to accept help and assistance from others or just mind my own business? How should I grow with others to understand the vastness and the depth of God's love? 

+ **Fidelity** - The gifts God gives to individuals are to equip his people for works of service, so that the body of Christ may be built up. Therefore, we would see ourselves without bias and put ourselves to proper use as God intended only if we view our gifts through the view point of building up Christ's body. How am I seeing my gifts? 
