---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 42 Day 3: Wining the War"
date: 2018-11-7 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk42-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 42
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
How should Christians face the spiritual wars?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Christians face many kinds of wars in their lives from earthly authorities, the spiritual forces of evil, and their own desires. 

+ God gave every Christians a full armor that is sufficient to win any war, to stand up to anything, and that God's will may be accomplished through us. 

+ To win in the spiritual wars, we need to rely on God's power and pray often for ourselves as well as all Christians. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Let me read in depth this passage: The full armor for the spiritual war begins with dependence on His mighty power and completes with praying by the power of the Spirit at all time with all kinds of prayers. This emphasized the importance of reliance on God's power for the spiritual war. 

+ **Integrity** - It is undeniable that we are facing wars in our life. What God has built up in us reflects in our reactions toward these wars. When our characters are more like God, we become more capable to face these wars in accordance to His will and liking. Thus, God can be glorified through His disciples. Let me pray to God to equip me with all His armors: truth, righteousness, good news of peace, faith, salvation, God's word. 

+ **Fidelity** - To be a warrior of Christ, my service must go past benefiting myself. Pray to God to help me to serve in: 1. Prayer and support to all Christians; 2. All areas of society and culture not yet following God. 
