---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 84 Day 1: Signs of Punishment"
date: 2019-8-26 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk84-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 84
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the Book of Ezekiel this week. Judah suffered greatly in the hands of Babylon and Israel doubted if The Lord was still their God. The chosen people were in exile in foreign land while the promised land was occupied and destroyed by their enemies. Are we not the chosen one? Is Jerusalem not the holy city of God? They asked. No matter how depressing is the circumstances, the faith toward God is central to peace. There were many mysteries in Ezekiel's visions, but one was bright and clear: The Lord is the God of Israel and the world and He still sits on the throne with authority over all things in and under heaven. Ezekiel was encouraged and strengthened because he saw the glory of God in the flame. Oh, the depth of the riches of the wisdom and knowledge of God! How unsearchable his judgments, and his paths beyond tracing out!

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
What were Ezekiel's signs of Jerusalem's siege?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God commanded Ezekiel to draw out on a block of clay the siege of Jerusalem as a sign to the people of Israel. 

+ God commanded Ezekiel to lie on his left to put the sin of the people of Israel upon himself and to lie on his right to bear the sin of the people of Judah. 

+ God commanded Ezekiel to make bread for himself, to eat the bread and drink water according to the number of days of he was lying on his sides as a sign that the people would be in anxiety as food and water would be scarce and rationed in Jerusalem. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Fidelity** - Ezekiel's daily life was under much restriction in order to deliver God's message. When I testify for the Lord, do I feel being restricted? How do I feel about the price I pay for following God?
