---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 87 Day 4: Bones came Alive"
date: 2019-9-19 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk87-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 87
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
What became of Israel? 
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord said, because Israel had shed blood in the land and because they had defiled it with their idols, I dispersed them among the nations and poured out my wrath on them. 

+ The Lord said, it is not for your sake, that I am going to do these things, but for the sake of my holy name. 

+ The Lord said, I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit in you and I will put my Spirit in you and move you to follow my decrees and be careful to keep my laws. 

+ The Lord said, I will make their people as numerous as sheep. 

+ The Spirit of the Lord brought Ezekiel out in the middle of a valley full of bones, led him back and forth among them, and commanded Ezekiel to prophesy to these bones. Breath entered the bones, they came to life, stood up, and became a vast army. 
+ These bones are people of Israel. The Lord is going to open their graves and bring them up and back to the land of Israel. 

+ The Lord said, I am going to take the stick of Joseph - which is in Ephraim's hand - and of the Israelite tribes associated with him, and join it to Judah's stick. 

+ The Lord will make them one nation in the land, on the mountains of Israel. 

+ David will be king over them, and they will all have one shepherd. They will follow my laws and be careful to keep my decrees. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - God gave promise to Israel to restore them. To the foreigners, this must have been a big joke. God gave Ezekiel the vision of the bones to up lift his faith. Am I losing faith? How does Ezekiel's vision encourage me? 
