---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 87 Day 6: Surveying for Temple"
date: 2019-9-21 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk87-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 87
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
What did the prophet's vision mean?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ In the fourteenth year after the fall of the city, the Lord was on Ezekiel and in visions of God, He took Ezekiel to the land of Israel and set him on a very high mountain, on whose south side were some buildings that looked like a city. 

+ A wall completely surrounding the temple area. A man with measuring rod went to the east gate. He climbed the steps and measured the threshold of the gate. 

+ He measured the length and width of the north gate, leading into the outer court. 

+ Then he led me to the south side and I saw the south gate. He measured its jambs and its portico, and they had the same measurements as the others. 

+ Then he brought me to the inner court on the east side, and he measured the gateway; it had the same measurements as the others. 

+ Then he brought me to the north gate and measured it. It had the same measurements as the others, as did its alcoves, its projecting walls and its portico. 

+ A room with a doorway was by the portico in each of the inner gateways, where the burnt offerings were washed. 

+ Outside the inner gate, within the inner court, were two rooms, which were rooms for singers. 

+ He brought me to the portico of the temple and measured the jambs of the portico. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The Israel had waited for God's promise for more than ten years. They must have been deeply moved when the prophet saw the vision of surveying for the temple. Am I waiting for God's promise to be realized? Do I know His will? 
