---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 67 Day 5: Judah in Exile"
date: 2019-5-3 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk67-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 67
dayNum: 5
language: English
---
### Question     
How did Judah go into exile?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 
### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Josiah celebrated the Passover to the Lord in Jerusalem. He provided the sacrifices to the people and the priests and Levites. 
+ Necho king of Egypt went up and Josiah marched out to meet him in battle. Josiah would not listen to what Necho had said at God's command. Archers shot King Josiah and he died. 
+ Jehoahaz son of Josiah and became king in Jerusalem in place of his father. The king of Egypt dethroned him in Jerusalem. 
+ Jehoiakim reigned in Jerusalem eleven years. He did evil in the eyes of the Lord his God. Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon attacked him and bound him with bronze shackles to take him to Babylon. 
+ Jehoiachin reigned in Jerusalem three months and ten days. He did evil in the eyes of the Lord. Nebuchadnezzar sent for him and brought him to Babylon, together with articles of value from the temple of the Lord, and he made Jehoiachin's uncle, Zedekiah, king over Judah and Jerusalem. 
+ Zedekiah reigned in Jerusalem eleven years. He did evil in the eyes of the Lord his God and did not humble himself before Jeremiah the prophet, who spoke the word of the Lord. God gave them all into the hands of Nebuchadnezzar, carried them to Babylon. 
### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - What role did the Babylonians play in the history of Israel? Who was in control of history? How do I view the events in my country and around the world? 
+ **Identity** - The Lord is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love. Why did He put Judah into exile? How do I understand His compassion and grace? 
