---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 67 Day 4: Judah king Manasseh"
date: 2019-5-2 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk67-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 67
dayNum: 4
language: English
---
### Question     
Under what circumstance did Manasseh turn back to the Lord?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 
### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Manasseh reigned in Jerusalem fifty-five years. He did evil in the eyes of the Lord. The Lord spoke to Manasseh and his people, but they paid no attention. So the Lord brought against them the army commanders of the king of Assyria, who took Manasseh prisoner, put a hook in his nose, bound him with bronze shackles and took him to Babylon. 
+ In his distress Manasseh sought the favor of the Lord his God and humbled himself greatly before the God of his ancestors. And when he prayed to Him, the Lord was moved by his entreaty and listened to his plea; so He brought him back to Jerusalem and to his kingdom. Then Manasseh knew that the Lord is God. 
+ Manasseh got rid of the foreign gods and removed the image from the temple of the Lord, as well as all the altars he had built on the temple hill and in Jerusalem; and he threw them out of the city. Then he restored the altar of the Lord and sacrificed fellowship offerings and thank offerings on it, and told Judah to serve the Lord, the God of Israel. 
+ Amon he reigned in Jerusalem two years. He did evil in the eyes of the Lord. 
+ Josiah reigned in Jerusalem thirty-one years. He did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, purged Judah and Jerusalem of high places, Asherah poles and idols, and restored the temple of the Lord. 
+ Hilkiah the priest found the Book of the Law of the Lord that had been given through Moses. Then the king called together all the people from the least to the greatest. He read in their hearing all the words of the Book of the Covenant, which had been found in the temple of the Lord. 
+ Then he had everyone in Jerusalem and Benjamin pledge themselves to the covenant of God. 
### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - In his distress Manasseh sought the favor of the Lord and humbled before Him and God saved him. How do I view God's discipline? Complain or repent? 
+ **Integrity** - What did Manasseh do after he repented? What did I do? What is true repentance? 
