---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 67 Day 3: Good and Right"
date: 2019-5-1 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk67-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 67
dayNum: 3
language: English
---
### Question     
What good and right did Hezekiah do?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 
### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Israelites went out to the towns of Judah, smashed the sacred stones and cut down the Asherah poles. They destroyed the high places and the altars. 
+ Hezekiah assigned the priests and Levites to divisions-each of them according to their duties as priests or Levites-to offer burnt offerings and fellowship offerings, to minister, to give thanks and to sing praises at the gates of the Lord's dwelling. 
+ The Israelites dedicated to the Lord in great amount a tithe of all that the fields produced and a tithe of their herds and flocks. 
+ Hezekiah did throughout Judah, doing what was good and right and faithful before the Lord his God. In everything that he undertook, he sought his God and worked wholeheartedly. And so he prospered. 
+ Sennacherib king of Assyria came and invaded Judah. He slandered against the Lord God and His servant Hezekiah when laying a siege to Lachish. 
+ King Hezekiah and the prophet Isaiah cried out in prayer to heaven about this. And the Lord sent an angel, who annihilated all the fighting men and the commanders and officers in the camp of the Assyrian king. So he withdrew to his own land in disgrace and some of his sons cut him down with the sword. 
+ Hezekiah had very great wealth and honor for God had given him very great riches. 
### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The Israelites had great joy when they worshiped the Lord and celebrated the festivals and their spirits were renewed, as well. What is my worship life like? How is it bring about the renewal of my spiritual life? 
+ **Identity** - When the Israelites' spirits were renewed, they gave generously the tithe to the Lord. How is my spiritual situation reflected in my tithe? 
