---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 67 Day 2: Judah king Hezekiah"
date: 2019-4-30 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk67-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 67
dayNum: 2
language: English
---
### Question     
How was the temple in Hezekiah's eyes?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 
### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Hezekiah reigned in Jerusalem twenty-nine years. He did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, just as his father David had done. 
+ Hezekiah brought in the priests and the Levites, asked them to consecrate themselves and the temple of the Lord to remove all defilement from the sanctuary. 
+ Early the next morning King Hezekiah sacrificed offerings for the sanctuary and for Judah. The king and everyone present with him knelt down and worshiped. They sang praises with gladness and bowed down and worshiped. 
+ Hezekiah sent word to all Israel and Judah and also wrote letters to Ephraim and Manasseh, inviting them to come to the temple of the Lord in Jerusalem and celebrate the Passover to the Lord, the God of Israel. The whole assembly in Jerusalem decided to celebrate the Passover in the second month. 
+ There was great joy in Jerusalem, for since the days of Solomon son of David king of Israel there had been nothing like this in Jerusalem. 
### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - Hezekiah called on the priests and Levites do not be negligent now, for the Lord has chosen them to stand before Him and serve Him. How am I encouraging my fellow Christians to serve the Lord today? 
+ **Integrity** - Hezekiah sent word to Israel to invite them to turn back to God and worship the Lord in the temple. How should I help those who are weak in faith and those who have sinned to come back to the Lord? 
