---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 67 Day 1: Judah king Ahaz"
date: 2019-4-29 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk67-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 67
dayNum: 1
language: English
---
### Forward     
We continue this week's reading of the Second Chronicles.
Each Juda kings had a distinct personality, and yet there were many surprising similarities in their lives. For example, king Amaziah, whom we read last week, refused to follow the advice of prophet which started from the success of his battle with the Edomite, while king Uzziah was angry with the priest because of the strength God had given him. The arrogance of success blinds the eyes of man, the process of destruction starts at the height of man's life. How can one be willing to listen and accept the spiritual admonition to usher in another victory after victory? Fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and the path of God is paved for the humbles.
May you all be renewed each day in the word of God!
### Question     
What similarities and differences are there between king Jotham and Ahaz?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 
### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jotham reigned in Jerusalem sixteen years. He did what was right in the eyes of the Lord, but he did not enter the temple of the Lord. The people, however, continued their corrupt practices. 
+ Ahaz was twenty years old when he became king, and he reigned in Jerusalem sixteen years. Unlike David his father, he did not do what was right in the eyes of the Lord. 
+ The Lord his God delivered Ahaz into the hands of the king of Aram. The Arameans defeated him. He was also given into the hands of the king of Israel, who inflicted heavy casualties on him. 
+ King Ahaz sent to the kings of Assyria for help. Tiglath-Pileser king of Assyria came to him, but he gave him trouble instead of help. 
+ In his time of trouble King Ahaz became even more unfaithful to the Lord. He offered sacrifices to the gods of Damascus, who had defeated him. 
### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Jotham's strength grew for he did what was right in the eyes of the Lord. What attitude should I hold toward the blessings and riches of my life? Let me count my blessings. 
+ **Identity** - In his time of trouble King Ahaz became even more unfaithful to the Lord. He offered sacrifices to the gods of Damascus, who had defeated him. Why is it that we call on God when facing difficulties, but stray away from Him in other times? 
