---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 48 Day 1: A Superior Covenant"
date: 2018-12-17 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk48-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 48
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week we continue reading the book of Hebrews.

Simply putting aside works to seek entertainment does nothing for spiritual rest which goes far into the depth our souls. Meaningless life and gloomy heart can only be freed by relationship with God. If we have yet to benefit from God’s word then maybe we have yet to put our faith into His word, maybe we have yet to realize our identity in His creations, maybe we are still wandering in the spiritual desert between Egypt and the Promised Land.

If we are still wandering in the restless desert, then we need to examine our relationship with God since all who are restless need to find peace in Jesus just like what God did on the seventh day of creation. All who are weary and burdened may go to Jesus to find rest. We shall take His yoke as He is gentle and humble. God’s word is alive and active, sharper than any double edged sword, penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart. Nothing in all creations is hidden from God’s sight. Everything is uncovered and laid bare before the eyes of him to whom we must give account. The true rest comes through faith and obedience to God’s word, correctly building relationship with God, straighten up our attitude toward work and life, and let our image to be true to the identity that God created for us.

May you all be renewed in God’s word each day!

### Question     
Why is the new covenant superior?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God’s Story   
+ Jesus’ ministry is superior as He is the mediator of the superior covenant. 

+ We may reconcile with God only through Jesus as He is the mediator of the new covenant which we shall have faith in. 

+ God writes His laws on man’s heart and makes Himself known, forgives his wickedness, and remembers his sins no more. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** – Do I understand the meaning of “I will be their God, and they will be my people?” Do I often remind myself of my identity as God’s people? 

