---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 23 Day 1: A Private Shrine"
date: 06/25/2018
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk23-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 23
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward    
This week we will finish reading the Book of Judges and start the Book of Ruth.

Besides the Israelites' rebellions, we saw God rescued them repeatedly from their evilness. Dear Lord, please save me from the hands of the evil one, protect me from those who force me to stumble. Those who are full of prides trick me into snare and noose. Sometimes, the world appears lawless, controlled by the wicked, and prayers never answered. It appears to be ruled by those who are unjust, immoral, and Godless like Abimelek. This phenomenon is not unique to the Israel of yesteryears or countries controlled by dictators but the reality of a fallen world. When people follow only their personal desires, the society no longer sees God. But God's sovereignty cannot be negated by man's wickedness. The Lord is still above all turbulences. Although God allows things to happen but He determines the end result. When righteousness is revealed, the evil will not escape punishment.

May you all be renewed each day in God's word.

### Question    
Where did the Levite from Bethlehem become priest?

{% include BibleLinks.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story  
+ Israel had no King. Everyone did as they see fit. (17:6)

+ Micah made an ephod, built a shrine, and installed his own son as priest.

+ The young Levite from Bethlehem stayed at Micah's and became his priest.

+ The tribe of Danite was seeking land of their own instead inheriting from what Moses and Joshua had drawn out for them when they took the idols and ephod they saw at Micah's shrine and lured the young priest as their own.

+ The Danites attacked savagely and burned the peaceful people at Laish, took their land, changed its name to Dan, and installed Jonathan, a descendant of Moses, and his sons as their priests.

### Meditation: My Story  
+ **Integrity** - Although Micah and his mother claimed to worship God, but they did it in their own way and turned it unknowingly into idol worshiping. Let me examine myself: do I worship God with all my heart, all my soul, and all my mind? Or, do I worship in my own convenience, at a place, at a time, and in a way that I see fit?

+ **Fidelity** - That young Levite did not serve at a place God had predetermined for him. Instead, following his own desires and never once consulted with God, he first became priest for Micah then for the Danites. Do I humbly offer myself to God and obey His command when I serve or do I serve to satisfy my own desires and for my own benefit?
