---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 53 Day 6: Jealousy over David"
date: 2019-01-26 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk53-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 53
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
Why was Saul afraid and wanted to kill David?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The soul of Jonathan was knit to the soul of David, and they became good friends. David was successful in battles that Saul set him over the men of war and he was good in the sight of all the people. 

+ The Israelites welcomed David's return from victory, the women sang joyful songs "Saul has slain his thousands, and David his tens of thousands." This brought out the jealousy in Saul. 

+ Saul was afraid of David as God was with David but departed from Saul. He tried to kill David secretly but never succeeded. David was loved by people even more, including Saul's son Jonathan and daughter Michal. 

+ Jonathan advised Saul and he listened but soon changed. Michal help David to escape to Samuel. Saul sent people to go after David and later went himself but they were all stopped by the spirit of God. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - David escaped Saul's many attempts to kill him. What have I learned from this where God protected David and His own servants so that Saul would not succeed? When Saul could not see God's work and saw only the worldly power, his spiritual eyes went blind. Am I busy going after the worldly things such as money and unable to see what God is doing? Let me pray to the Lord to help me to put my eyes on Him. 

+ **Community** - Compare Jonathan's encouragement to Michal's deceit for David. What were the differences even though both came out of love for David? What is the God pleasing relationship between Christians? 
