---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 54 Day 3: Forgiven by God"
date: 2019-1-30 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk54-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 54
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
How did David forgive Saul in God and how did he almost commit great sin of flesh?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Saul went to take David's live but was delivered to David's hand by God. However, David did not want to harm God's anointed and told Saul about it. Saul wept in atonement and admitted David's righteousness as well as God's election. Saul also asked David not to kill off his descendants. 

+ Nabal insulted David even though David gave him protection. David wanted to kill all males in Nabal's household. Nabal's wife Abigale brought with her gifts to David and dissuaded David from committing sin with her wisdom. God himself avenged for David and David gave thanks to the Lord for He had prevented David from sinning. With Abigale's consent, she became David's wife. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - David depended on God and wasn't willing to harm his enemy but in a blink of eyes, with fleshly revenge, he almost killed the one who insulted him and implicated many who were innocent. Doing good in God now does not mean the flesh won't take over in the future. Have I ever experienced similar events in my own spiritual journey? How may I stay alert so that the evil one will not take over? 

+ **Integrity** - How did Abigale dissuade David? What wisdom can I see from her conversation with David? Why would David listen to a little woman? This is because what he saw was not just a wise woman, but God talking through her. God would also help us in our life with some insignificant things or people to remind us. Let me pray to God to help me have a humble and sensitive heart.
