---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 54 Day 2: Blessings in Disguise"
date: 2019-1-29 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk54-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 54
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
How did David grow stronger in the Lord's grace and peace while facing persecution?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ David brought his family to take refuge in Moab, but God revealed to him through prophet Gad to go back to Judah where it was under Saul's control. 

+ Because Ahimelek helped David, Saul destroyed the priesthood established by God and severed his own connection to God with the killing of Ahimelek and the entire town of priests. 

+ David gained fighting men, a prophet who had connection to God, and a priest who could make offerings to God and inquire of God. 

+ David followed God's will and saved Keilah but attracted Saul's attention. God revealed to David that the citizens of Keilah would surrender him to Saul. The Ziphites also told Saul of David's hiding place and caused Saul to pursue him. But David was again protected by God.  

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - God protected David's life and grew his strength even as he was under persecution and affliction. David's kingdom was being formed and build up. Suffering is usually a blessing in disguise! How have I experienced or heard such testimony of God's protection and building up of His faithful people? How would David's experience help me set focus on God's faithfulness when facing my next challenge? 

+ **Integrity** - Saul blamed and killed innocent people while David saved those who were in danger even as he was facing danger. And, ironically, those who David saved sold him out to Saul. It is tough doing what is right in God's eyes and not getting paid back. How does David's integrity remind me of my own life? What warnings do I get from Saul's example? 
