---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 54 Day 1: David in Exile"
date: 2019-1-28 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk54-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 54
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week, we continue to read the First Samuel where David remained on the run from Saul's pursue. Saul was afraid and envious of David's success and apparently had some psychological problems. The more he tried to hurt David, the more David stayed on God's path.

This is a recurring principle in Bible that reveals how God accomplishes His missions: the more God's adversaries oppose His will, the more victorious God's people would experience. Joseph's brothers' plan for his demise became a path way for God to uplift Joseph. Pharaoh tried to destroy Israel out of fear turned into a growth of Israelites' population. Opposition became help to victory and persecution promoted spread of faith. The ultimate revelation is seen in Jesus that His death on the cross brings salvation. So, there's rejoicing found in hostility because God's will can never be toppled by human aversion.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
What is the real reason behind Saul's fear for David?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ David met Jonathan and through him reaffirmed Saul's attempt to kill David. 

+ Jonathan and David made a covenant to bring their families together through their friendship. 

+ David began his life as an exile. For his own safety, David lied to the priest and cause the death of the entire town of priests. He pretended to be insane in front of the Philistines and got kicked out. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The friendship between Jonathan and David faced great challenge. David accused Jonathan of knowing Saul's will. How did Jonathan answer David's accusation? Being a prince, how was Jonathan's integrity reflected in his reaction to David? It can be seen that Jonathan knew God's will from the covenant between him and David. What choice did Jonathan make? 

+ **Integrity** - David had little help and was surrounded by enemies in the early days of his exile. David was not without weakness. Why did David lie to the priest and pretend to be insane in front of the Philistines? Read Psalms 34 and 55 to get a taste of what David experienced when he was weak and leaned on God. 
