---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 63 Day 2: Bringing the Ark"
date: 2018-4-2 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk63-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 63
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
How was the ark of the Lord brought to Jerusalem?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ After David had constructed buildings for himself in the City of David, he prepared a place for the ark of God and pitched a tent for it. 

+ David summoned the Levites to carry the ark of God with the poles on their shoulders, as Moses had commanded in accordance with the word of the Lord. 

+ David told the leaders of the Levites to appoint their fellow Levites as musicians to make a joyful sound with musical instruments: lyres, harps and cymbals. 

+ David and the elders of Israel and the commanders of units of a thousand went to bring up the ark of the covenant of the Lord from the house of Obed-Edom, with rejoicing. 

+ As the ark of the covenant of the Lord was entering the City of David, Michal saw King David dancing and celebrating, she despised him in her heart. 

+ They brought the ark of God and set it inside the tent that David had pitched for it, and they presented burnt offerings and fellowship offerings before God. 

+ He appointed some of the Levites to minister before the ark of the Lord, to extol, thank, and praise the Lord, the God of Israel. 

+ David appointed Asaph and his associates to give praise to the Lord. 

+ David left Asaph and his associates before the ark of the covenant of the Lord to minister there regularly, according to each day's requirements. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - From David's praise: Praise be to the Lord, the God of Israel, from everlasting to everlasting. How is God in control of my life, present, past, and future? How should I give thanks to God? 

+ **Fidelity** - Compare the two attempts David made in moving the ark (13, 15). What were the results and the causes? How do these remind me of my service to the Lord? 

+ **Fidelity** - What were David's reasons for praising the Lord? (23-24, 26, 33-34) Have I overlooked any? 
