---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 63 Day 1: Start being King"
date: 2019-4-1 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk63-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 63
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue the reading of the First Chronicles this week.  
May you all be renewed in the God's word each day!

### Question     
What did David do soon after he became king?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ David conferred with each of his officers and the commanders, to bring back the ark of the Lord. 

+ They moved the ark of God from Abinadab's house on a new cart, with Uzzah and Ahio guiding it. Uzzah reached out his hand to steady the ark, because the oxen stumbled. The Lord struck Uzzah down because he had put his hand on the ark. So he died there before God. 

+ David took the ark to the house of Obed-Edom the Gittite. It remained with the family of Obed-Edom in his house for three months, and the Lord blessed his household and everything he had. 

+ In Jerusalem David took more wives and became the father of more sons and daughters. 

+ The Philistines went up in full force to search for David. David did as God commanded him, and they struck down the Philistine army, all the way from Gibeon to Gezer.  

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Soon after David became king, he conferred with his officials and commanders to bring the ark back to Jerusalem. What was the reason he did that? (ref. 13:3) What can I learn from him? 

+ **Fidelity** - What was the main reason for David's victory over the Philistines? What does it mean for my service? 
