---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 27 Day 1: Death and Resurrection"
date: 2018-07-23 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk27-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 27
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week, we’ll complete the reading on the Gospel of Matthew and start on the Gospel of Mark.

In Gospel of Matthew, before parting, Jesus reminded us that we need to be alert and be prepared as He would come back at any time. It might be rare to see someone who isn’t interested in preparing for his or her own wedding; It is unimaginable for any disciple not to prepare for Jesus’ second coming. Our lives are not our own, and Lord may take it away at any moment. Only by knowing such urgency will make us vigilant and avoid regret. Let’s start serving others.

I shall not be ashamed when facing Jesus of thoughts deep in my heart, my private life, or my relationship with others. We are prepared when we treasure our relationship with God and make God the center of our lives. Being prepared makes us anticipate the beautiful eternity, makes life’s worries less important and turns our eyes to the greater needs.

May our God’s word renew you all each day!

### Question     
How was Jesus resurrected and what were His commands afterward?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God’s Story   
+ The Gospel of Matthew reaches the climax. Christ’s resurrection and rise is central to the Christian belief. 

+ Jesus’ salvation is fully displayed in the reverse of His death on the cross. 

+ Jesus’ great commission to His disciples and His promise that He would be with us until the end of the age. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** – Jesus’ resurrection helps us to believe that those who take faith in Him will have eternal life. Is my life reflecting that belief or am I living only for my earthly life? 

+ **Fidelity** – The great commission to the disciples is to make disciples of all people. What in my service is taking part of that great commission? Am I living out the calling of the great commission? 
