---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 19 Day 1: Moses' Passing"
date: 2018-05-28
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk19-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 19
dayNum: 1
language: English
---
### Question     
How does God view the life of His servant?

{%- include BibleLinks.html -%} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Moses went up to Mount Nebo by himself. God let him see the entire promised land of Canaan on top of Pisgah. God buried Moses. Moses died at age of one hundred and twenty, yet his eyes were not weak nor his strength gone. 

+ With Moses' passing, Joshua became the leader of the new generation. The Israelites listened to him. 

+ Moses is someone God knew face by face. He was the greatest prophet of Israel. Lord sent him to do all kinds of signs and wonders in Egypt and to show the mighty power and awesome deeds in the sight of all Israel. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Moses did not lead the Israelites to go into the land of Canaan but still earned the highest approval from God. How do I view the success of my job, service, and parenting? Is my identity and value determined by the outcome of my work or by God? Is my satisfaction fulfilled by the world's view of success or by knowing God? 

+ **Integrity** - God said to Moses: `"you will not cross."` Moses did not argue or rebel. When God not giving me what I want, do I view lightly His authority like Adam and Eve did by eating the forbidden fruit or do I obey like Moses did? Let me pray in front of God ask Him to give me an obedient heart. 
