---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 15 Day 2: War with Midianite"
date:   2018-04-31
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk15-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 15
dayNum: 2
bibleTitle1: "Numbers 30-31"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 100"
language: English
---

### Question
**How did the Israelites divide up the plunders and spoils from the war?**

{% include BibleLinks-en.html %}

### Meditation: God’s Story
+ `Numbers 30` is regulation about woman who took vows. Her father before she marries or husband after she marries are responsible for her spiritual direction and protection.

+ `Numbers 31` records the holy war against the Midianites in the plains of Moab. God destroyed the Midianites for they deceived Israelites to cause them to separate from God. Balaam who planned the deception was killed in the war. Israelites had a complete victory and lost not a single life. Israelites followed God’s direction regarding the captives, cleansing of those who touched the dead, offerings, plunders and spoils of the war. This set a precedence for the wars after the Israelites have entered the land of Canaan. 

### Meditation: My Story
+ **Community** - God gave fathers and husbands great responsibilities to protect their daughters and wives. For daughters and wives, they must obey and follow the spiritual leadership from their fathers and husbands. As a father or husband, what will from God have I learned for teaching or guiding my daughter or wife? How have I applied it to my life?

+ **Identity** - Israelites did not lose one life in the war with the Midianites. God gave them special commands for cleansing themselves from the captives and spoils. What do the protection and requirements God gave Israelites for the war remind me of in the spiritual wars that I often face? 
