---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 15 Day 1: Daily Offerings"
date:   2018-04-30
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk15-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 15
dayNum: 1
bibleTitle1: "Numbers 28-29"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 99"
language: English
---

### Question
**What were the Israelites’ offerings in the entire year?**

{%- include BibleLinks-en.html -%}

### Meditation: God’s Story
+ The day of Moses’ passing was getting closer. God commanded him to pass on the honor of leading the Israelites to Joshua. God commanded Moses to pass on the regulations on the offerings for each day, each sabbath, beginning of each month, and each festival. This was to prepare the Israelites for the worship centered life under the leadership of Joshua and high priest Elijah when they have entered the promised land.

+ These were the minimum offerings required of the Israelites in addition to the voluntary offerings for sin, cleansing, etc.

+ These two chapters record the details of the materials for offerings.

### Meditation: My Story
+ **Walking with God** - Priests presented burnt offerings each morning. Do I have a God centered life? Am I presenting the best of me and everything I do to Him?

+ **Walking with God** - Priests have a lot of tasks on their hands. They work double on each sabbath when the rest of the community don’t work. `Matthew 12:5, the priests on Sabbath duty in the temple desecrate the Sabbath and yet are innocent.` No work is allowed during sabbath and many other festivals so God is worshipped with our full attention. Have I been ignorant about those days that are set apart for worshiping?
