---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 15 Day 3: Land of Wandering"
date:   2018-05-02
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk15-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 15
dayNum: 3
bibleTitle1: "Numbers 32-33"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 101"
language: English
---

### Question
**What should the Israelites’ life be like when they arrive at the promised land?**

{% include BibleLinks-en.html %}

### Meditation: God’s Story
+ In `Numbers 32`, the Gadites, Reubenites and the half-tribe of Manasseh had their eyes on the land to the east of Jordan river. They promised Moses that they would help the rest of the Israelites enter the promised land first. They saw the land was fertile and suitable for grazing, wanted to settle down quickly. Later, due to the lack of natural barriers, they were the first to be captured and occupied by the Assyrian before the entire nation of Israel fell.

+ Faithfully following God’s command, Moses recorded the 40 encampment sites during the 40 years of wandering in `Numbers 33`.

+ God commanded Israelites to drive out the idol worshiping people to end idolatry from the promised land. He also commanded the tribes to distribute the land by lot according to their sizes.

### Meditation: My Story
+ **Identity** - Gadites, Reubenites and the half-tribe of Manasseh choose the land according to the value in their own eyes. But they never expected the disaster to follow. Are there things in my life that’s valuable to the eyes of the world but not to God’s will?

+ **Integrity** - When victory was in sight, God commanded the Israelites to not let loose to allow idolatry to corrupt their hearts once they enter the promised land. Entering the promised land does not make an end to the journey of faith. While I enjoy many freedoms and privileges in my faith today, how can I remind myself to stay vigilant?
