---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 15 Day 6: Failure of Rebellion"
date:   2018-05-05
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk15-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 15
dayNum: 6
bibleTitle1: "Deuteronomy 1"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 104"
language: English
---

### Question
**Why did the previous generation of Israelites fail to enter the promised land 40 years ago?**

{% include BibleLinks-en.html %}

### Meditation: God’s Story
+ The new generation of Israelites have not reached 20 or yet to be born at the time of exodus from Egypt. They now have finally reached the plains of Moab across the Jordan river from the promised land after 40 years of wandering journey. The Book of Deuteronomy records the last days of Moses where he followed God’s command to reiterate the laws and regulations so that they `“fear the Lord your God, to walk in obedience to him, to love him, to serve the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul, and to observe the Lord’s commands and decrees that I am giving you today for your own good.” (Deu. 10:12-13)`

+ `Deuteronomy 1:1-4:43` reflects on the past 40 years of Israelite’s history.

+ Chapter 1 reflects on the event 40 years ago when the previous generation of Israelites forgot God’s protection and the miracles God performed for them. They rebelled against God for their lack of faith in God and the fear of the large and powerful descendants of Anak. 

### Meditation: My Story
+ **Walking with God** - Israelites spent 40 years wandering on a journey that could have been completed in 11 days. It wasn’t the distance but their lack of faith kept them from reaching the promised land. The distance to God’s wonderful promise is probably a lot closer than I think. What do I need to let go of in order to win over my disobedience and to follow God whole heartedly?

+ **Community, Fidelity** - In addition to calling the knowledgeable and renowned to become spiritual leaders, God also calls on all to serve and be responsible in all kinds of tasks in church. How am I responding to Him to serve with others as an unified team in His work? How am I letting go of my own agendas and objectives so God can use me fully?
