---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 15 Day 4: Boundaries of Canaan"
date:   2018-05-03
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk15-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 15
dayNum: 4
bibleTitle1: "Numbers 34-35"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 102"
language: English
---

### Question
How should the Israelites have lived in the promised land?

{%- include BibleLinks-en.html -%}

### Meditation: God’s Story
+ God gave the Israelites the boundaries of the promised land and selected leaders, one from each of the 9 and half tribes. They followed the leadership of Joshua and high priest Elijah to distribute the land.

+ In Numbers 35, God gave the regulations on establishing towns. God also established the cities of refuge for those who have killed someone by accident as their places of refuge. This was to keep them away from the avengers to prevent endless revenge killings that would defile the promised land.

### Meditation: My Story
+ **Walking with God** - It is God’s grace to establish cities of refuge for those who killed unintentionally to ensure proper trials. Sins of blood can only be cleansed with blood. Those who fled to the cities of refuge must wait for the death of the high priest. The blood of Jesus Christ has forgiven all our sins, intentional or not. He is the city of refuge for all God’s people. Let me atone in front Jesus and pray to Him to release me from my sins, to give me protection and freedom in Him.

+ **Identity** - God’s promise to Abraham was about to be realized! God kept His promise through 40 years of continuing complaints and rebellions from the Israelites. Even today, His promises to His people have not changed. What encouragements do I receive and how do I value myself with the promises He has given to me? 
