---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 13 Day 3: Follow the Cloud"
date:   2018-04-18
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk13-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 13
dayNum: 3
bibleTitle1: "Numbers 9:15-10:36"
bibleGatewayRef1: "num.9.15-10.36"
youVersionRef1: "NUM.9"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 87"
bibleGatewayRef2: "ps.87"
youVersionRef2: "PSA.87"
language: English
---

### Question
**How did the Israelites follow God’s lead?**

{%- include BibleLinks-en.html -%}

### Meditation: God's Story 
+ Israelites encamped or moved on as God commanded.

+ God gave the Israelites two silver trumpets at the foot of Mount Sinai to signal their
movements. The silver trumpets and the cloud presented unified direction to the Israeli people.
In the last days, God will also send his angels to sound trumpets to gather His people ([Mat.
24:31; Rev. 8-9](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mat.+24%3A31%3B+Rev.+8-9&amp;version=NIV))

+ Israelites started their move to the promised land from the desert of Sinai a year and a month
and 20 days after they have come out of Egypt. A journey that took 38 years to complete is
covered in `10:11-22:1`.

+ God values His faithful servant. God strengthens when he is tired, avenges when he is wronged.

### Meditation: My Story
+ Walking with God – The ark of covenant was at the very front leading the way to find a restful
place for the Israelites (10:33). During the day, the cloud covered them from the burning sun. It
might look like a lot of hard work to follow God but it is always filled with His mercy and
protection. Think about the love and care He gave me as well the encouragements this passage
gives me.

+ Identity – When the cloud lifted, the Israelites set out. When the cloud settled, they stayed.
They sometimes would stay at one place for a long while. Sometimes they would move on the
next day. When the trumpets sound, they followed. Following God means not following our own
desires, no matter what. What am I following today, my own desire or God?
