---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 13 Day 1: Serve Wholeheartedly"
date:   2018-04-16
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk13-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 13
dayNum: 1
bibleTitle1: "Numbers 7"
bibleGatewayRef1: "num.7"
youVersionRef1: "NUM.7"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 85"
bibleGatewayRef2: "ps.85"
youVersionRef2: "PSA.85"
language: English
---

### Question
**How did the Israelites celebrate and serve when the Tabernacle was set up?**

{% include BibleLinks-en.html %}

### Meditation: God’s Story
+ This chapter records the events after Exodus 40 where Moses set up the Tabernacle as God
commanded, and His glory filled the Tabernacle. Here, the celebration and offering continued
for 12 days as response to God’s promises.

+ The leaders of the 12 tribes brought 6 covered carts and 12 oxen as offerings. Moses accepted
with God’s consent.

+ The leaders of the tribes brought the offerings in the order of where they camped. This is the
longest chapter besides Psalm 119 in the Old Testament because the same lists of the offerings
were repeated 12 times. This shows that God was equally pleased with the offerings from all
tribes.

+ The chapter ends with Moses went into the tent of meeting and heard God’s voice from
between the two cherubim above the atonement cover on the ark. This was the first time
Moses spoke with God after the Tabernacle was set up.

### Meditation: My Story
+ **Identity** – The same offerings presented 12 times and recorded 12 times show clearly that the
tribes were all accepted by God equally. In God’s eyes, there’s no difference between what
others offered and what I offered. Do I see differences between the services others do and
mine?

+ **Fidelity** – The Israelites saw the glory of God and presented their offerings. Do I see God’s glory
in my life? What can I present to Him as my spiritual offering to His faithfulness?
