---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 13 Day 6: Faithful Blessings"
date:   2018-04-21
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk13-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 13
dayNum: 6
bibleTitle1: "Numbers 15"
bibleGatewayRef1: "num.15"
youVersionRef1: "NUM.15"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 90"
bibleGatewayRef2: "ps.90"
youVersionRef2: "PSA.90"
language: English
---

### Question
**How did God displayed His faithfulness and blessings after He struck down on the Israelites?**

{% include BibleLinks-en.html %}

### Meditation: God's Story 
+ Right after God struck down on the Israelites in chapter 14, He gave Moses the regulations on
offerings when they go into the promised land. It can be seen clearly here that God was faithful
to His covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.

+ Anyone, an individual or the community, when sinned unintentionally must atone with offerings
and God would forgive. However, anyone, an individual or the community, when sinned with
intention would be punished. The rebellious Israelites in last chapter and the Sabbath breaker in
this chapter were intentional sinners.

+ Israelite community and the foreigners residing among them all need to worship God, make the
same offerings, and receive the same blessings or punishments. God is the God for all people.

+ God commanded Israelites to put tassels on their garments to remember God’s commands.

### Meditation: My Story 
+ **Integrity** – God treats intentional sins different from unintentional ones. God sees the Gentiles
the same as the Jews. What do I learn from these truth about God’s sovereignty and attributes?
How do they remind me and encourage me?

+ **Integrity** – God installed tassels on the Israelites’ garments to remind them His commands and
not to follow their own sinful wills. Is there anything I can use to remind myself of God’s word
and stay away from the worldly filth?

