---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 28 Day 1: Jesus Is Messiah"
date: 2018-07-30 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk28-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 28
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week, we continue reading the Gospel of Mark.

The beginning of Mark's gospel recorded the realization of the promises written in the ancient books of Bible, the start of Jesus' Good News brings closure to the stories in the earlier books. John and Jesus seemed to have come out of nowhere, however, we can see clearly from the Book of Isaiah that the Old Testament is the blueprint of God's salvation plan while gospel is the continuation of that mission. Bible made the perfect connection from prophet Isaiah to prophet John. God's promises are realized when the time comes, and His eternal plan never changes.

We now have the complete Bible, know the mystery of God's salvation plan, and what He wants for our lives. Are we living out that life in the real world? Let us ask the Holy Spirit to grant us insight from within, with His light shone upon us and turn our knowledge of gospel into meaningful actions that change lives.

My God's word renews you all every day!

### Question     
How did Jesus reveal His identity?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ In Caesarea Philippi, Peter said to Jesus "You are the Messiah." Jesus predicted His death and resurrection for the first time. 

+ The price to pay for being a disciple is to deny themselves and take up their crosses and follow Jesus. 

+ Jesus went up to a high mountain and transfigured. He stood with Moses and Elijah. 

+ Disciples couldn't drive out the demon from a possessed boy revealed the unbelieving generation. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Peter's spiritual life seemed to have fallen to bottom of the valley when Jesus predicted his denials compared to the time he proclaimed Him as the Messiah. Is my spiritual life high on the peak of the mount or in the bottom of the valley? Am I following God's will or my own desires? 

+ **Identity** - Jesus taught us to deny ourselves and take up our crosses to follow Him as the only way to receive true life. That is, we need to give up ourselves to gain ourselves. What do I need to give up today? What have I received already? 
