---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 11 Day 1: Skin Care"
date:   2018-04-02
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk11-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 11
dayNum: 1
bibleTitle1: "Leviticus 13-14"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 71"
language: English
---

### Question
**What were the regulation on taking care of the Israelites’ skin?**

{%- include BibleLinks-en.html -%}

### Meditation: God’s Story
* Continued with regulation to keep Israelites holy in order to worship God.

* Skin diseases such as the horrible leprosy are easily transmitted. The priests took great care when examining skin diseases. Anyone contracted skin diseases needed to go through a long and elaborative cleansing and offering process.

* Israelites not only had to keep their skins clean, their clothes and houses also needed the same attention.

### Meditation: My Story
* Identity – Transmittable skin diseases such as leprosy often being assimilated to man’s sin. Cleansing and the offering are assimilated to reconciling with God. Putting blood on ear lobe, hand, toe, and thumb are similar to consecration of the priests. Jesus has already redeemed us through His blood and completely satisfied all necessary cleansing and offering. His sacrifice was perfect. Let me pray and thank Him for everything He has done for me.

* Integrity – The source of skin diseases is not limited to skin but the cloth we wear and the house we live in, too. Same can be said about sin. It may come from anything around us. How does the cleansing process in these two chapters remind me?
