---
layout: daily-en
title:  "Week 11 Day 4: Various Laws"
date:   2018-04-05
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk11-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 11
dayNum: 4
bibleTitle1: "Leviticus 19-20"
bibleTitle2: "Psalm 74"
language: English
---

### Question
**Why did the previous generation of Israelites fail to enter the promised land 40 years ago?**

{%- include BibleLinks-en.html -%}

### Meditation: God’s Story
* Chapter 19 details the morality, law, worship, and spiritual life and covers all the Ten Commandments. A total of 16 short sections with each ending with the phrase `"I am the Lord."` `"Be holy because I, the Lord your God, am holy."` is the basis for calling upon the people to live holy lives. `"Love your neighbor as yourself"` appears in the verses and tells Israelites that the standard of holiness is not just keeping the law, but also to actively live out its virtue.

* Chapter 20 is an addendum to chapters 18 and 19. It’s the punishment for those who rebel and unholy. Those who committed offenses must face severe punishments, executed, or cut off.

### Meditation: My Story
* Community – Sin is not something private. It spreads and brings down the whole community like yeast in the dough. We not only are responsible for cleansing ourselves of sins but fellow Christians, too. How do these two chapters remind me of my views toward sin?

* Integrity – `"Be holy because I, the Lord your God, am holy."` This was the basis for God to elect Israelites and a basis for my life. Is there any part of my life I need to pay more attention in order to be holy?
