---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 89 Day 1: The Blazing Furnace"
date: 2019-9-30 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk89-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 89
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We continue to read the Book of Daniel this week.

Like Daniel being forced to live in a land of idolatry, we are too living in a foreign land. Although the life is abundant and prosperous, it runs against our believe. To the world, self-centeredness is god, one's own worthiness is the life-long pursuit, and spirituality takes meaning only in one's own perception. Such is the great discrepancy between the world's believe and Christian believe. We live in the world of atheism and agnosticism and being attacked by paganism and hedonism. We may feel like fighting an uphill battle against the world, but we shall determine not to defile ourselves by the world.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
Why did Nebuchadnezzar throw some Jews into the blazing furnace?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ King Nebuchadnezzar made an image of gold and assembled officials for its dedication. Everyone was ordered to fall down and worship the image. Whoever does not fall down and worship will immediately be thrown into a blazing furnace. 

+ Some astrologers came forward and denounced the Jews, Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego, that they did not worship the image. 

+ Nebuchadnezzar was furious with Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego. 

+ Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego believed the God they serve would deliver them from the blazing furnace. 

+ Nebuchadnezzar commanded to throw Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego into the blazing furnace. 

+ Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego came out of the fire. The fire had not harmed their bodies, nor was a hair of their heads singed; their robes were not scorched, and there was no smell of fire on them. 

+ Nebuchadnezzar praised the God of Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Why didn't Shadrach and friends obey the king's order to worship the golden image? Do we face similar dilemma? What pressure am I facing today? How does today's passage help me? 
