---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 32 Day 1: Jesus Predicted Death"
date: 2018-08-27 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk32-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 32
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week, we will complete our reading of the Gospel of Luke and continue into the Book of Acts.

Both Gospel of Luke and Book of Acts came from the same root that enables us to see the spreading of gospel and the rise of the Kingdom of God. Jesus' description reminds us that the Kingdom of God is not by chance but by His design to origin in the humble and the meek. We need to realize that it is God's hand working behind the scene such that the existence of His kingdom does not manifest in a particular country or region but can be likened to yeast as an invisible force leavening in bread wherever God's people are.

Jesus did not come back right away so that we may see God's working in our history that His promises are not realized by the influences of man but revealed at time of His choosing. The power of God's Kingdom is demonstrated through life's transformation and disciple's testimony of the eternal God's glory and sovereignty. God's Kingdom is not seen through grandiose building or architecture but through the continuation of spiritual lives within and throughout the church.

May God's word renew you all each day!

### Question     
How did Jesus prepare the disciples for His death?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jesus predicted His own death and gave sight to the blind. 

+ Through Zacchaeus the Tax Collector, Jesus explained the Son of Man came to seek and to save the lost. 

+ Through the parable of the minas, Jesus explained the importance of wisely put to work our gifts. 

+ Jesus rode donkey into Jerusalem. Jesus' sorrow for Jerusalem. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Jesus said He came to seek and to save the lost. Am I unable to let go of my past sins and failures? How does Jesus' word help me realize my value and worth? 

+ **Fidelity** - When the servant said to the master that he reaps what he did not sow, the servant looked down upon the mina his master entrusted to him. Am I able to see the gifts the Lord has entrusted to me and am willing to be used by Him to become the blessing of others? 
