---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 47 Day 1: Facing our Past"
date: 2018-12-10 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk47-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 47
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week, we start reading the books of Philemon and Hebrews. 

We read God's word each day and should know the great effectiveness of His word. God breathed His word into Bible, inspired man to record it into the scriptures, and brought life to countless believers. The Bible brings us to know Jesus, to receive His salvation, to transform us, and to train us so that we may continue to receive the benefits. The Bible teaches us the knowledge we ought to know, admonishes us of the unrighteous acts, directs us on the path of God, encourages us to obey the righteous way of Jesus, so that we may receive the gift of salvation by grace through faith, and that we may be matured and sanctified in God.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
How to face our past sufferings and mistakes?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Onesimus was an escaped slave from Philemon and had owed Philemon a lot. Led by Paul, he became a believer and was transformed by the grace of God's salvation. Philemon received the grace of gospel and was an important co-worker of the Corinthian church with much love and faith to testify for. 

+ Paul sent Onesimus back to Corinth to face his mistakes from past. At the same time, to bring the letter from Paul to Philemon asking him to treat Onesimus with love instead of authority. Paul would pay back what Onesimus owed and expressed wish to benefit in the Lord that Philemon would welcome Onesimus. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - The broken relationships can only be rescued with gospel. The manifestation of gospel is seen everywhere in the book of Philemon. Think about the gospel filled life when Paul handled this difficult relationship. How may I apply the same to my relationships? How does it help me reconcile with those around me? 

+ **Integrity** - By the grace of God, we may face our past mistakes with courage and forgive those who owe us. Through God's power, my may become the ambassador of peace. Summarize their lives' attributes: Paul's humility and gentle teaching; Philemon's faith, love, and obedience; Onesimus' courage and transformation. Where am I lacking? Where have I improved? 
