---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 37 Day 1: Sovereignty of Election"
date: 2018-10-01 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk37-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 37
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue to read the Book of Romans this week.
The Book of Romans has an unparalleled importance to our understanding of salvation. The process of our sanctification starts the moment we accept God's salvation. We are given a new identity but we are not purified completely as the sins of our lives still live in us. This new identity of righteousness is to be followed by the process of sanctification. We are not righteous in nature but are being clothed in Christ Jesus with the new identity because God is just and through the righteous act accomplished on Jesus' cross, we may be called righteous.

### Question     
By whose sovereignty does God elect?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God's election is by His promise which never fails. 

+ God's election is by His calling rather than our works. 

+ God's election comes from His mercy rather than our will and endeavor. 

+ It is by God's sovereignty a vessel may be elected and given glory. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - If it is God's will to elect then why are we punished for our sins? Same question was asked in Paul's time and continued to be asked now. What was Paul's answer? Let me try to explain it with my own words so I can provide a clear explanation when asked. 

+ **Integrity** - Paul's love for the Jews is seen in the verse 9:3 even though he was being persecuted by them! This is not a fleshly love, not a worldly love, but a Godly love. Are there people in my life who are unlovable? They might have hurt or misunderstood me. But let me pray and ask the Lord for a merciful heart to help me love through Him. 
