---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 37 Day 4: Life of Elected"
date: 2018-10-04 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk37-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 37
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
What is the life of one when one's body is offered as living sacrifice.

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God-this is your true and proper worship. Do not conform to the pattern of this world but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. 

+ The life of a disciple is to serve according to one's gifts. To love others and overcome evil with good. Submit to governing authority. Clothe with the Lord Jesus Christ, and do not think about how to gratify the desires of the flesh. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - A Christian's life should be filled with love. To love not only the fellow Christians but to love even those who are evil as well as submit to those who have authority to govern. A Christian is to faithfully serve, to clothe in Jesus Christ, and not to submit to one's own fleshly desires. Which of the aforementioned is the most difficult for me? In what area do I need to pay more attention? What have I gained more understanding? 

+ **Fidelity** - The offerings in the Old Testament were first killed then burnt. How does the Living Sacrifice different from that? What does it mean to offer our bodies as Living Sacrifice? What kind of life is a Living Sacrifice? 

+ **Fidelity** - In verse 12:1, this is your true and proper worship. How does this help me gain deeper understanding of the Living Sacrifice? 
