---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 34 Day 1: Flourishing of Gospel"
date: 2018-09-10 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk34-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 34
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue the reading of the Book of Acts this week.

The advancement of gospel in the early church despite formidable conditions as recorded in the Book of Acts embarrass us even as we adore all the comforts of life. Suffering is an inescapable part of every believers' lives as evident in the encounters of the apostles. However, we live in an age of Suffering Avoidance where people even made an art out of avoiding suffering. Many sparing no cost to prioritize suffering avoidance over the way of cross by disobedience. But Bible teaches us that blessings come out of suffering for Jesus. Jesus told the disciples that the world would hate them because they hated Him first. Therefore, to understand the meaning of salvation, it is necessary to understand the suffering of the Christians.

We rejoice as we are being tested. Because peace is not waiting for the cloud to disperse in a storm, but to learn to celebrate in a tempest.

May God's word renew you all each day!

### Question     
How did the church reach unity on the question of gospel to the Gentiles?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Peter explained how the Holy Spirit went into the Gentiles so that everyone understood that God's salvation is for the Gentiles as well as the Jews. 

+ Gospel spread to Antioch and a great number of Gentiles believed and turned to the Lord. Barnabas co-worked with Paul for a year, taught and brought up a great number of disciples.  

+ Led by an Angel, Peter escaped from prison miraculously. 

+ James executed, Peter imprisoned, Herod eaten by worms as he did not praise God. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Herod executed James and imprisoned Peter to please the Jews. Am I doing anything to please people that's against God's will? Pray and ask God to help me to put Him first. 

+ **Fidelity** - Barnabas, filled with Holy Spirit, was quite reputable in Jerusalem's church. But he was not arrogant but valued Paul's gifts and invited him to co-work together. Am I humble when I serve? Do I value my co-workers' gifts and look up to their strengths? 
