---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 51 Day 2: The New Commandment"
date: 2019-1-8 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk51-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 51
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
What is God's new commandment?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Anyone who obeys his word, love for God is truly made complete in them. This is how we know we are in Him. 

+ Darkness is passing and the true light is already shining. Anyone who claims to be in the light but hates a brother or sister is still in the darkness. 

+ For everything in the world-the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life-comes not from the Father but from the world. The world and its desires pass away, but whoever does the will of God lives forever. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Anyone who knows God must do what His commands and loves God. They do not love the world and anything in the world. How much do I know God? Am I willing to love Him even more? 

+ **Community** - Abstain from the lust of flesh, the lust of eyes, and the pride of life. These are from the world and are temporary. In these tricks of the devil, which temps me the most? 

+ **Integrity** - Anyone who loves their brother and sister lives in the light, and there is nothing in them to make them stumble. But anyone who hates a brother or sister is in the darkness, walks around in the darkness and do not know where they are going. Do I have any hatred toward any brother or sister? Let me pray and ask the Lord for forgiveness. 
