
---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 51 Day 1: God is Light"
date: 2019-1-7 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk51-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 51
dayNum: 1
language: English
---
### Forward     
This week, we are going to read the first and second book of John.

The first book of John was written in year 90 AD when apostle John was in his old age. It was a letter written to those spiritual children, young men, and fathers. It is full of encouragements from a spiritual elder.

Roman emperor Domitian was reign at the time. It was a time the Roman citizens were being ordered to worship the emperor during the peak of Christian persecution by the Roman government throughout the entire Roman territory. Apostle John wrote this letter wanting the readers to hold fast in the righteous way, to turn away from false teaching, and to have hope when facing persecution.

God is love. As we unite in the Lord, we shall also love each other.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
What does the fact that God is light mean to our life?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God has the eternal life which appeared to us through Lord Jesus Christ. It was seen and heard by the apostles themselves. Therefore, our joy ought to be complete. 

+ God is light, and in Him there is no darkness at all. If we have fellowship with Him, then we walk in the light, we should confess our sins, and ask for forgiveness. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - We are given eternal life, therefore, we should hold fast the truth, instead of pursuing the worldly temporary things. Am I able to turn away from a life in pursue of fame and money which are worldly and temporary? 
+ **Integrity** - As we fellowship with God and since God is light, we must walk in the light and stop sinning. Reflect on my sins, confess and repent in prayers, and ask God for forgiveness.
