---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 21 Day 1: Tribe of Levi"
date 2018-06-11
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk21-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 21
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week, we'll finish reading the Book of Joshua and start on the Book of Judges.

The courageous and inspiring story of Joshua and Caleb in the Book of Joshua provides much needed encouragement to many of us who are weary and grim.

How do we face the lengthy list of unfinished tasks on the long road ahead when we are tired, weak, and frustrated? When Joshua was old and had many lands to conquer still after a life long journey on the battle field, God told Joshua to do what He has instructed and He will drive the enemies out before the Israelites. What great promise and faith! The reality of hope and the truth of unseen. God promised to strengthen and to fill in for man's deficiency when Joshua was at his weakest. God's grace is abundant and His strength is limitless. It is when our lives are facing the most difficult situations that God takes us to the most beautiful place. 

Weakness is not an excuse to lose hope, but an opportunity to proclaim the strength of gospel. God's glory is displayed through man's weakness. I gain strength from God when I'm weak. Let us unload our burdens to God. Rely on God to overcome for us. Those who sow with tears will reap in joy. When our mouths are filled with laughter, our tongues with songs of joy, then it is said among the nations: "The Lord has done great things for them."

May our Lord renew you all each day with His word!

### Question     
How Levites got their allotment?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God established six cities of refuge. Three on the east side of Jordan River and three on the west side. These are evenly distributed in the promised land to ensure that anyone who killed unintentionally could get to one of them within a half day. This was by the command God had given to Moses. (`Deu. 19:1-13`; `Num. 35:9-34`) 

+ The Levites were spread out among the entire promised land and were allotted towns from the tribes. They were to live among the tribes to bring about God centered life to them. 

+ When all promised lands were allotted and given to the Israelites, not one of all the Lord's good promises to Israel failed; every one was fulfilled. (`Joshua 21:45`) 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - The cities of refuge were not for the Israelites alone but for those gentiles living among them, as well. God treated everyone equally. God established the cities of refuge because He values our lives. We should value our own lives, too, because we were made with God's image. How do I view my spouse, family members, colleagues, and co-workers? 

+ **Identity** -The Levites lived among the Israelites like the Simeonites. But their missions and identities were vastly different. God's election changes our identity and value. How has God changed me? 

+ **Integrity** - Caleb painstakingly conquered Hebron but gave up to the Levites as a city of refuge and left himself the fields and villages around the city. What do Caleb's character and integrity remind me of? 

+ **Walking with God** - God' promises never fall short! How does this fact encourages me in my struggles? 
