---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 21 Day 6: First Four Judges"
date: 2018-06-16
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk21-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 21
dayNum: 6
language: English
---
### Question     
Who were the four judges God raised up first?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ God put the Israelites into the hands of Canaanites and caused them suffering because they turned away from God to serve other gods. God raised up judges to save the Israelites when they cried to the Lord. However, they became corrupted as soon as peace came. 

+ God raised up Othniel, Ehud, Shamgar, and Deborah as judges. 

+ Deborah, the female judge, encouraged Barak to rely on God to battle and defeat the army of Hazor which had nine hundred chariots fitted with iron. Another woman, Jael, drove a tent peg through the temple of Sisera, the commander of Canaan's army who fled the battle field, which led to the end of Jabin king of Canaan. 

+ Deborah and Barak sang a song to praise the Lord for His victory against army of Hazor. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - With an insignificant oxgoad, Shamgar struck down six hundred Philistines. His ordinary oxgoad became extraordinary like Moses' staff because God was with Shamgar. We must be equipped with the armor from God in order to battle "against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms." Let me rely on God and His armor when I face challenges. 

+ **Fidelity** - As Miriam sang song to praise the Lord at the Red Sea, Deborah and Barak sang praising song to commemorate the victory God had won for them. We must often count the blessings and praise God for His deeds to bring more lost souls to Him. 

