---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 21 Day 5: Healing the Wounds"
date: 2018-06-15
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk21-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 21
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
What kept recurring during the time of Judges?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The new generation of Israelites who knew nothing of what God had done for them turned away from God and started to worship foreign gods. The Lord brought them disasters and put them in the hands of raiders as He had sworn to them.  

+ The Israelites were in great distress so God raised up judges to save them out of the hands of those raiders. 

+ After the judges died, the Israelites returned to ways even more corrupt than those of their ancestors. The Lord left some nations to teach them warfare and to test if they would obey the Lord's commands. But the Israelites disobeyed by living among those people, served their gods, and intermixed with them in marriage. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The Israelites had a tight grip on God when they were in distress and yet they relied on Baals for their worldly indulgence. We are just like them. We want God's salvation and yet could not let go of money, power, fame and pride. Let me go in front of God and let Him be my Lord, let Him take control of my life. 

+ **Fidelity** - The previous generation of Israelites saw what God had done for them and feared God. But they did not pass that onto the next generation and caused the later generations to turn away from God. Let me recite to my children what God has done for me to help them know God, to experience God, and to understand that God is not their parents' alone, but their God, as well. 
