---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 21 Day 4: Into the Snare"
date: 2018-06-14
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk21-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 21
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### In the Book of Judges, God raised judges repeatedly to save Israelites from their suffering brought about by their disobediences.

### Question     
How did the Israelites continue to go to war for lands after Joshua had passed?
 
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Israel had no more leader after Joshua. 

+ After consulting with the Lord, the tribe of Judah and Simeonites went with God to obtain and destroy completely Jerusalem, Hebron, and other cities. But they were not able to drive out the Canaanites who had chariots fitted with iron. Caleb drove out Anak was given Hebron as Moses had promised. The tribes of Joseph, with God, attacked Bethel. 

+ Othniel captured Kiriath Sepher and got Caleb's daughter as wife. He then became the first judge God raised. 

+ Benjamites, Manasseh, Ephraim, Zebulun, Asher, Naphtali, and Danites weren't able to drive out the Canaanites but pressed them into forced labor. 

+ Lord's angel said to the Israelites for they did not drive out the Canaanites, did not break their altars, and made covenant with them, so the Canaanites will not be driven out and will become traps and snares to the Israelites. The people wept aloud. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The Israelites compromised and did not drive out the Canaanites because: 1. They benefited from slavery; 2. They were afraid of the iron chariots. Their compromises became their traps in later days. Do I often compromise because of the worldly gains or the pattern of the world is too powerful for me to rely on God to fight for me? 

+ **Fidelity** - With his complete faith and reliance on God, Caleb gotten the inheritance through Moses the promise from God. When I have fought the good fight, finished the race, kept the faith, there will be the crown of righteousness in store for me. Pray to God to take my vision away from the worldly gains and fixate on the glorious crown in heaven. 
