---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 56 Day 4: Returned by Mercy"
date: 2019-2-14
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk56-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 56
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
What did David do after he had gone back to Jerusalem?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ David sunk deep into the sorrow of losing Absalom. Joab warned David of calamities if the people were not comforted.

+ All Israelites were arguing amongst themselves to bring David. However, David sent for the priests to ask the Judah elders to bring him back and made Amasa in place of Joab as the commander of army to win over the heart of Judah. This brought about discontentment of the Israelite tribes which indirectly caused Sheba’s unrest and Joab’s murder of Amasa.

+ Shimei went to David and fell prostrate before him to ask for clemency. David refused Abishai’s request to put Shimei to death and vowed that Shimei would not die. Mephibosheth came and told David that Ziba slandered against him. David did not scrutinize Ziba’s motive nor did he ask him to return the land. David only asked Ziba and Mephibosheth to divide the land. Barzillai came to David to send him on his way. Barzillai refused David’s invitation to go to Jerusalem but sent Kimham to go with David.

+ David sent Amasa to summon Judah to put down Sheba’s unrest but Amasa delayed his return. David sent Abishai to pursue Amasa. Joab went and killed Amasa then led his troops and killed Sheba.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** It was God’s mercy that David was able to return to Jerusalem. Did David rely on God? Is there evidence of interaction between David and God in these two chapters? How am I being reminded? David went for the support of Judah, his own tribe, but caused what consequence? Have I leaned on the power of the world more than God?

+ **Integrity* Did David truly forgive Shimei? (see 1 Kings 2:8-9) What might be the reason he forgave Shimei at this time? Was David’s treatment to Mephibosheth befitting to God’s will? Mephibosheth was misunderstood but remained loyal to David. How does this remind me when I’m being misunderstood?
