---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 56 Day 2: Conspiracy of Betrayal"
date: 2019-2-12
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk56-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 56
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
On way of his fleeing, what helps did David receive from God?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Absalom built his power and status in the dark and earned the heart of the Israelites. He went to Hebron by way of an excuse to fulfill a vow to conspire for mutiny against David. David’s counselor Ahithophel followed Absalom and the conspiracy gained strength.

+ David fled Jerusalem but left ten concubines to take care of the palace.

+ The foreigner Ittai did not want to leave David and vowed to accompany David, live or death. The priests Zadok and Abiathar carried the ark with them to David, but David asked them to go back. David went up the Mount of Olives, weeping, barefooted and head covered. David met his confidant Hushai on the summit and asked him to go to Absalom in Jerusalem to frustrate Ahithophel’s advice. Ziba brought food to David and claimed that Mephibosheth was going to betray David. So, David gave all that belonged to Mephibosheth to Ziba. Abishai wanted to kill Shimei as he cursed David but was stopped by David saying that it was coming from God.

+ Absalom listened to Ahithophel’s advice to sleep with David’s concubines who stayed behind. This was God’s judgment to David. See 12:11.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** From what David said to priest Zadok when he fled Jerusalem, in his prayer to God on Mount of Olive, as well as what he said to Abishai in response to humiliation of Shimei’s curse, what was the state of his spirituality?

+ **Walking with God** Although he had to bear the consequences of sin, God’s blessings were never too far away from David. What protections and helps did David experience in the journey of his fleeing?
