---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 56 Day 1: Murder and Adultery"
date: 2019-2-11
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk56-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 56
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue to read the Second Samuel this week.

The second half of David’s life in the ups and downs of his own sins provides us many warnings. The society we are in has lost its sensitivity to the core of sin and at the same time robbed our understanding of repentance. If we don’t understand how sin affects our lives, how are we going to understand the sinner’s self-destruction?

The immediate and sincere repentance of David contrasts with Saul’s stubbornness in making excuses. Bible says to be true in repentance, it must be wholesome and coming from the heart. There’s no but and there’s no if. “For I know my transgressions, and my sin is always before me. Against you, you only, have I sinned and done what is evil in your sight; so you are right in your verdict and justified when you judge.” Repentance marks the starting point of forgiveness. It breaks the vicious cycle of sin upon sin. “Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing.” It enables the realization of the blessings of the cross.

May you all be renewed in God’s word each day!

### Question     
What were David’s problems in educating his sons?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Encouraged by Jonadab, Amnon devised a plan to trick David into bringing Tamar, Amnon’s sister of different mother, to him and raped her. Tamar’s brother Absalom hated Amnon.

+ Two years later, Absalom devised a plan to trick David and murdered Amnon. Absalom escaped to Geshur.

+ Three years later, Joab found a wise woman and devised a plan to persuade David in bringing Absalom back to Jerusalem. However, David wouldn’t see Absalom.

+ Two years later, Absalom devised a plan to force Joab to talk to David to let Absalom meet and reunite with David.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** – Amnon raped his own sister of another mother. David did nothing besides being angry. What should have David done that would be pleasing to God? Absalom murdered Amnon and escaped to Geshur. Why again did David do nothing? Why did Joab persuade David to bring Absalom back? David would not see Absalom after he had come back so Absalom forced Joab to help with his meeting with David. What was Absalom’s motive? As a father, what should have David done but didn’t do during the seven-year span of all these events? Have I ignored my responsibility as a custodian of my inheritance from God and did not do what I should do, whether I’m a parent or not?
