---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 59 Day 5: Back from Death"
date: 2019-3-8
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk59-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 59
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
How was the faith of the Shunammite woman?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Elisha helped the army of Israel, Judah, and Edom to receive drinking water from God and to defeat Moabites with God's help.

+ Elisha performed miracles. He helped the widow of a man from the company of prophets to pay back her debt, prevented her sons to become slaves, and left them with abundance to sustain their livelihood.

+ A Shunammite wife often received and supported Elisha. Elisha predicted a son for the couple, saw the couple had no child. The child suddenly died so Elisha prayed and brought the child back to life.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - They must first dig out ditches before the army could receive water from God; She must go around and ask for empty jars before the widow receive the oil. When I ask God for something, did I first follow His command?

+ **Walking with God** - The Shunammite wife received Elisha and was given a share in the prophet's work. She did not seek to benefit from the authorities nor did she seek to have a child and yet God gave her everything. When her son died, she said to everyone that "everything is all right" but only to show her sadness to the prophet. This was because she knew the one who gave life to her son controls his life. Let me think about her faith.
