---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 59 Day 2: A Shallow Faith"
date: 2019-3-5 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk59-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 59
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
How much did Ahab know God and how much faith did he have?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Arameans besieged Israel capital Samaria. A prophet came to Ahab and brought along God's help. Ahab followed God's command and defeated the Arameans to show them that God is a true God beyond all limits.

+ Ahab's pretentious use of mercy set free of the enemy whom God had determined to destroy and made Arameans a long-term threat to Israel. God sent one of the company of the prophets to rebuke Ahab and foretold him the consequence of his action. Ahab became sullen and angry.

+ Ahab was obsessed with Naboth's vineyard. Naboth feared the Lord and would not give away the inheritance from God. Ahab's wife Jezebel who worshiped Baal devised an evil plan to frame Naboth and killed him. Ahab took possession of the vineyard.

+ Prophet Elijah rebuked Ahab and announced God's judgment on him. Ahab humbled himself before God, therefore, God delayed the disaster on his house to the days of his son.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - From the Aramean wars and Naboth's vineyard, what can I tell about Ahab's faith and his relationship with God? How was Ahab's being sullen, angry, and humble after being rebuked by prophets different from David's remorseful repentance? How have I repented? When have I just pretended to repent or when have I repented from my heart? How did either change my soul and my relationship with God?

+ **Integrity** - From Ahab's mercy of no principle for the Aramean king to his backboneless submission to Jezebel, what life's integrity did he lack? Have I offended God to please others?
 
