---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 59 Day 2: Cleansing the Leprosy"
date: 2019-3-5 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk59-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 59
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
How was Naaman healed?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Naaman, the army commander of Israel archrival Aram, had leprosy. The girl servant he captured from Israel saw his illness and told his wife about prophet Elisha. Naaman went to Elisha and obeyed the words of the prophet after being persuaded by his servant. He washed himself seven times in Jordan and was cleansed of leprosy. Naaman vowed to worship only the Lord from then on.

+ Gehazi, Elisha's greedy servant, deceived Naaman of silver and cloths. Elisha rebuked him for profiting when he shouldn't. Gehazi contracted leprosy as result.

+ Elisha performed miracle to float a sunken iron ax for a man in the company of prophets.

+ The Aramean king sent men to capture Elisha during the war with Israel. Elisha performed miracle to lead them to Samaria and caused the Aramean to stop raiding Israel.

+ Aramean besieged Samaria. The famine in the city cause people to feed on each other's children. The king of Israel blamed Elisha and attributed it the Lord.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - God protects His people. Elisha opened his servant's eyes so he could see God's protection. Have I thought about God's protection when faced with seemingly great challenges? How is scene the servant saw helping me in my current circumstance?

+ **Fidelity** - Naaman would not have gotten to know the Lord and healed if the Israelite girl servant did not put down her hatred to love the enemy. Naaman would not have gone to the next step in knowing God if not for his persuasive servant. God put us next to the unbelievers so that we may be the outlet of their blessings and bring them to God every chance we have. Are there unbelievers around me? How may I learn to love and be faithful like the Israelite girl servant to help those unbelievers to know God and receive blessings?
