---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 59 Day 1: Baal's False Prophets"
date: 2019-3-4 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk59-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 59
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue to read the book of First Kings this week.

The kings of both the northern and southern kingdoms in the Book of Kings often did things against God's will. As Christians, we must be careful not to fall into sins but act according to the value set forth by God. But we should also understand that it is not easy to abide to that value completely due to man's deceit and social pressure.

For example, we may be swallowed up by our desire for wealth and comfort as they become the only goal of our works. It is hard to maintain a perfect relationship with God under the pressure of our peers and daily life. We are bound to be in some kind of worldly culture which inevitably is the environment we live in. In order to communicate we must understand the culture but at the same time we must ensure that our faith is not skewed by the culture. Politics and culture have tremendous influences and hinder us to live a Godly life. It is just like how Jeroboam easily lured Israelites into sin for political reason. When Jesus prayed for the disciples, He did not ask God to detach us from the world but asked to turn us away from evils and keep our hearts in God.

May you all be renewed in God's word every day!

### Question     
How did Elijah defeat the false prophets of Baal?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ In the third year, the Lord told Elijah to present himself to Ahab to rebuke him for abandoning the Lord's commands to follow Baals.

+ Elijah battled the Baal's false prophets on Mount Carmel. The false prophets were defeated and slaughtered.

+ Jezebel wanted to kill Elijah. Elijah escaped to Beersheba in Judah. The Lord whispered gently to Elijah told him to go to the Desert of Damascus to anoint Hazael king over Aram, anoint Jehu son of Nimshi king over Israel, and anoint Elisha son of Shaphat from Abel Meholah to succeed Elijah as prophet.

+ God had reserved seven thousand in Israel-all whose knees have not bowed down to Baal.

+ Elijah called Elisha to follow him.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - What attributes did God display when he gently whispered to Elijah? How am I hearing God's voice today?

+ **Identity** - Elijah rebuked the people for wavering between two opinions: "If the Lord is God, follow him; but if Baal is God, follow him." Am I wavering between two opinions and not following God completely?

+ **Fidelity** - How did Elijah respond when called by God? How am I responding and submitting to God's will?
