---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 69 Day 1: Wall Reconstruction Completed"
date: 2019-5-13 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk69-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 69
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue to read the book of Nehemiah this week. The attacks from their enemies escalated when Nehemiah's plan was going well. The Israelites worked in the daytime and took on defensive positions at night. They had to bear arms when went out for water. We often have to work relentlessly when we are in pursuit of something valuable. Going backward is not a meaningful choice when facing challenges, but success is brought by perseverance.

Those who persevere will be saved. It is not that they are never under pressure or without doubts, but from the Holy Spirit, they receive the strength to continue. Persevere in faith, in His word, to build on a solid and unshakable foundation, to hold fast the original believe, would be victorious in Christ.

May you all be renewed each day in God's word!

### Question     
What was the reaction of all surrounding nations when the wall was completed?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The people raised a great outcry against their fellow Jews because they are living in poverty. 

+ Nehemiah was very angry when he heard this outcry. 

+ For the twelve years Nehemiah was appointed the governor in the land of Judah, he never ate the food allotted to the governor. 

+ When the enemies heard Nehemiah had rebuilt the wall, they schemed to harm him. 

+ The wall was completed on the twenty-fifth of Elul, in fifty-two days. 

+ When all enemies heard about this, all the surrounding nations were afraid and lost their self-confidence, because they realized that this work had been done with the help of God. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - Nehemiah accused the nobles and the officials that they were charging their own people's interest. May we tell the truth with love to those who are doing things not pleasing the Lord? What do I need to be careful about? 

+ **Fidelity** - Nehemiah was responsible and diligent in his service because he understood the importance of his ministry. How do I value my own service? 
