---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 29 Day 1: Death of Christ"
date: 2018-08-06 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk29-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 29
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week, we will complete the reading of the Gospel of Mark and start on the Gospel of Luke.

Let's look at the changes in number of people that followed Jesus throughout the Gospel of Mark. From the thousands of followers in the beginning of the book to the twelve disciples on the way to Jerusalem and from the welcoming crowds when He gloriously entered the Holy City to the hiding disciples after His arrest. 

What does the disciples' attitude remind me about my own faith? What would I do in such circumstance? Is my faith strong and unwavering? Would I hesitate and falter? When facing the sword swinging mob, would I coward and hide like the disciples?

The inattentive and weary faltered, the self-confident and self-assured wavered. Let's armor ourselves with God's word and pray for His presence when facing danger to overcome our own weakness.

May our Lord's word renew you all every day!

### Question     
What happened to Jesus after His arrest?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Pilate could find no accusation against Jesus. 

+ The Jews were rather release Barabbas than Jesus. 

+ Jesus was crucified along with two rubbers on the cross, mocked by the crowds, and laid in a tomb cut out of rock after death. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - After Jesus drew His last breath, the curtain in the temple was torn in two from top down which signified the end of separation of God and man. Am I able to let go of my guilt and despair to come in front of God fearlessly as my own father, to accept His mercy and discipline? Do I have anything to ask from Him? 

+ **Integrity** - The chief priest, filled with Jealousy, instigated the crowds to ask for Barabbas' release instead of Jesus. Do I continue to falter on certain things? Pray and ask the Holy Spirit to soften my heart to atone in from of God and to be surrounded by His love.  

