---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 57 Day 1: The Warrior Roster"
date: 2019-02-18 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk57-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 57
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We will complete the reading of the Second Samuel and start on the First Kings.
David spend his later life in consequences of sin. The vicious cycle of hatred and violence in man's heart is characteristic of opposition to God's grace and kindness. We don't need to look far. No need to go into the filthy history of politics of the world but our own heart filled with bitterness and resentments.
Murder and Adultery in David's house caused the death of Amnon and Absalom in despicable struggles. The violence driven by hatred hurts the avenger more than the punishment he laid upon the avenged. Impulsive actions of personal enmity are like replicating the genes of deformed spirituality which brought about the disease Adam and Eve contracted in the garden of Eden, spreading into our family, community, and society. The tragedy of David's house gives us deeper understanding into the essence of sin. Let us depend upon the Spirit of God to block out the hatred which leads us into self-destruction.
May you all be renewed in God's word every day!

### Question     
How does God see the warriors who followed David?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The roster of the warriors who followed David and some of their accomplishments. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - David was not a Lone Ranger but faced the enemy and went to war with many. Do I have any brother or sister in Christ to go fight the war of our lives with? Is there anyone who can pray for me, to encourage and to lift me up? 

+ **Fidelity** - What are the commonalities of the warriors on the roster? What can I learn from them? 
