---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 95 Day 1: King over Earth"
date: 2019-11-11 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk95-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 95
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Foreword     
We will complete reading the last of the Books of the Minor Prophets, the Book of Malachi. Then, on Thursday, we'll start on the beginning of the last part of the two-year Bible reading plan: Gospel of John, Epistle of John, and Book of Revelation.

This mini-series is the summary of gospel, from salvation, to sanctification, to glory. Hope you will all find the key to our life's transformation by gospel and root our life deep in the word of God.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
How does the Lord save Israel?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord is going to make Jerusalem a cup that sends all the surrounding peoples reeling. 

+ When all the nations of the earth are gathered against her, the Lord will make Jerusalem an immovable rock for all the nations. All who try to move it will injure themselves. 

+ The Lord will pour out on the house of David and the inhabitants of Jerusalem a spirit of grace and supplication. They will look on the Lord. 

+ On that day a fountain will be opened to the house of David and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, to cleanse them from sin and impurity. 

+ The Lord will banish the names of the idols from the land. 

+ The sword will strike. Two-thirds will be struck down and perish; yet one-third will be left in it. 

+ Then the Lord will go out and fight against those nations. 

+ On that day his feet will stand on the Mount of Olives. 

+ The Lord will be king over the whole earth. 

+ The Lord will send plague to strike all the nations that fought against Jerusalem. 

+ The survivors from all the nations that have attacked Jerusalem will go up year after year to worship the King, the Lord Almighty, and to celebrate the Festival of Tabernacles. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The Lord will put the remnant of Israel into the fire; Refine them like silver and test them like gold. God is watching over all suffering Christians, to grow our lives, and to refine us with the tests of fire. How shall I pray for all those who are suffering? 
