---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 79 Day 1: They will Perish"
date: 2019-7-22 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk79-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 79
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We will continue our journey this week with Jeremiah the weeping prophet. It is not easy for prophets to follow God's path, just as running in a marathon requires perseverance without comfort and assurance, and even feeling worn out and hard to continue. The challenges become ever more difficult, a casual stroll becomes a race against the horses, the safe harbor becomes the dangerous jungles of the Jordan River.

God's calling does not equate to an easy life for it masks all opportunities to grow. Life's challenges develop our spiritual muscles to enable us to walk further. Each new challenge and transformation help us to grow our faith, to make us more mature, stronger, and more enduring. A believer's life is not to be a bystander but to build that life through the truth. Persevere the race on the path God gave us for God supports and does not spoil.

May you all be renewed in God's word each day!

### Question     
How did God throw the people out of the promised land and then bring them back again?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord wanted the prophet to not marry and have sons or daughters for they will die of deadly diseases and will not be mourned. 

+ The Lord said: "It is because your ancestors forsook me, I will throw you out of this land." 

+ The Lord said: "The days are coming when I will restore them to the land I gave their ancestors." 

+ The Lord, my strength and my fortress, my refuge in time of distress. 

+ Judah's sin is engraved with an iron tool, inscribed with a flint point, on the tablets of their hearts and on the horns of their altars. 

+ Cursed is the one who trusts in man, who draws strength from mere flesh and whose heart turns away from the Lord. But blessed is the one who trusts in the Lord, whose confidence is in him. 

+ The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure. Who can understand it? The Lord search the heart and examine the mind. 

+ The people did not believe the prophesy: "Where is the word of the Lord? Let it now be fulfilled!" 

+ Keep the Sabbath day holy by not doing any work on it. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure. Who can understand it? We may even be deceived by our own deceitful heart. However, as believers, we already have the Holy Spirit in us to help us. So, God wants us not to rely on our own strength but to follow Jesus. How may I distinguish between the voice my own desire and the voice of the Holy Spirit? 
