---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 68 Day 4: Repent for Sins"
date: 2019-5-9 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk68-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 68
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
How did Ezra lead all Israel to repent for their sins?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Israelites in Jerusalem, including Levites and priests, married gentiles and strayed away from God. 

+ When Ezra heard this, he tore his tunic and cloak, pulled his hair from head and beard, and sat appalled. Everyone who trembled at the words of the God of Israel gathered around Ezra fell on their knees with hands spread out to the Lord their God and prayed to repent their sins and guilt. 

+ They encouraged Ezra to make a covenant with God to send away the foreign women whom they have married and their children. Ezra and all Israel took oath. 

+ All Israel gathered in Jerusalem within three days. Ezra proclaimed the sins they have committed and led the way to repent to God. All people, greatly distressed, send their officials to act for the assembly, until the fierce anger of God in this matter had turned away. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Seventy years had span from the rebuilding of the temple to the second returning. Those in Jerusalem likely were the second generation of those who were in the first returning. They have forgotten their identity as God's chosen people, married foreign women and strayed away from God. Perhaps it was caused by the circumstances, or perhaps their parents did not teach them God's word. Am I committing the same mistake and compromising with the circumstances? Am I ignoring my responsibility to lead the next generation? 

+ **Integrity** - After Ezra led the assembly in prayer and repentance, they spent several months and series of actions to deal with their sins. How is this reminding me of my sins? After praying in repentance, what actions do I take to deal with my sins? 
