---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 68 Day 2: Completion of Rebuilding"
date: 2019-5-7 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk68-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 68
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
How did God fulfill the Israelite's effort in rebuilding the temple?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ In the second year of Darius's reign, the Lord raised up the prophets to prophesize to the Jews to restart the temple rebuilding. 

+ Zerubbabel and Joshua set to work to rebuild the house of God in Jerusalem. And the prophets of God were with them, supporting them. 

+ Dedication of the Temple 

+ Tattenai, governor of Trans-Euphrates, sent to King Darius the news of temple's rebuilding. By God's protection and the rebuilding continued without pause. 

+ King Darius issued an order to prevent any disturbance to the temple's rebuilding and to provide all necessary funding and all that is needed for burnt offerings. 

+ The temple was completed in the sixth year of the reign of King Darius. The Israelites returned from exile celebrated the Passover. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - The rebuilding of the temple was paused for fourteen years because of the oppositions. Many of those who returned from exile might have lost their hope and enthusiasm. But, by God's own timetable, He re-energized His servant, turned around the situation, and completed the rebuilding in four years. Am I waiting for God? Do I feel the waiting has no end in sight? Seeing what God had done in the temple's rebuilding can I patiently and faithfully wait for His timing? 
