---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 40 Day 1: Temporal and Eternal"
date: 2018-10-22 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk40-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 40
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue the reading of the book of the Second Corinthians.

From this week's reading, we'd see the life of Paul as example of a true disciple: Carried around in his body the death of Jesus, so that the life of Jesus was revealed in his body; Wasted away outwardly, yet renewed day by day inwardly; Viewed lightly the momentary troubles outweighed by the unseen eternal glory. For the earthly tent we live in is destroyed, we have a building from God, an eternal house in heaven. Therefore, as disciples of Christ we must commit our hearts to live for the Lord, to please God, and give glory to Him. This is not to wage war as the world does but by the power of God. To build others and not to tear them down; To not boast in what others have done, but to boast in the Lord in the sphere of service God has assigned.; To worry in the faithfulness and purity of disciples' belief; Never become a burden to anyone and to lower ourselves so that others may be elevated.

May God's word renew you all each day!

### Question     
What should I keep in mind to have a God pleasing life?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ This is Paul's life: carry with him Jesus' death so that Jesus' life may be revealed; while his body is decaying but his heart is renewed each day; set his focus on the eternal glory instead of temporary troubles; gaining the heavenly building in place of destructible earthly tent. 

+ Disciples of Jesus must commit to live for the Lord, to please God, and give glory to Him. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - The one who has fashioned us for this very purpose is God, who has given us the Spirit as a deposit, guaranteeing what is to come. This verse assures us while on earth, we may taste the joy of God's grace when we're surrounded by the temporary troubles so that we may be strengthened in faith and have hope for the eternal glory. The commitment of our hearts and the works of the Holy Spirit are inseparable. Do I have such experience? Is the Holy Spirit working or has worked in me to help me set my sight on the eternal home? 

+ **Integrity** - For we live by faith, not by sight. This verse clearly tells us to view lightly the troubles we see on earth but set sight on the eternal glory. What problems am I seeing? How are these problems troubling me and causing me to lose focus on the eternity? 
