---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 9 Day 5: The Burnt Offering and the Grain Offering"
date: 2018-03-23
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk9-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 9
dayNum: 5
language: English
---
### Forward     
+ The original Hebrew name for the Book of Leviticus was "And God Called." 

+ After man sinned in Genesis and brought out of Egypt in Exodus, God "called" upon His people to be holy when he lead them out from the bondage of sin. 

+ In the Book of Leviticus, the word "unclean" appeared least 87 times, "sin offering" at least 45 times. 

+ The contents of the book are all the words God commanded Moses. 

+ The multitude of regulations and sacrifices all point to the sacrifices of Jesus Christ. 

### Question     
What kind of sacrifices did God command in the Tabernacle?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Leviticus 1-7 records the laws on offerings. God demanded five types of offerings. The first three are through fire that brings out aroma to God, the last two are to atone for sins. 

+ Burnt offering points to how Jesus Christ willingly sacrificed for us and became the God pleasing aroma. Grain offering points to the pureness of Jesus Christ. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Burnt offering and grain offering represent Jesus' perfection and pureness. He sacrificed willingly for us and burnt for us so that we are seen as pleasing to the eyes of God. How do these two offerings help me understand better about Jesus and His Salvation? 

+ **Integrity** - As the chosen people, burnt offering reminds us that we need to offer ourselves completely to God. What does that mean to me? What can I start doing today? 

+ **Integrity** - Grain offering reminds us the need to be Godly and learn to be like Jesus. What do the finest flour mixed with pure olive oil, salt, incense, but without yeast, remind me of? 
