---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 81 Day 1: Scroll of Word"
date: 2019-8-5 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk81-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 81
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue to read the Book of Jeremiah this week. Not only the servant of God must proclaim His promises, the servant has to be a realization His word because faith without action has no meaning. The ups and downs of our life is the best testimony for God. God commanded Jeremiah to purchase a piece of land during the war time in the city that was about to be captured. People laughed at him but it also proved God's promise that He would restore Israel. Obedience is at the heart of our faith. Jeremiah had his doubts, whether from the situation he saw with his own eyes or from the depth of his heart, he did the right thing by asking God truthfully. Whatever doubts we might have, God is more capable than our doubts because nothing is impossible for Him. Recount everything God has done in history and remember how He comforted us by fulfilling His promises. The unbelieving world will laugh at us, but God will open their eyes. Stand strong against the corruption of the world, it is already proven when His word became flesh.

May you all be renewed in God's word every day!

### Question     
Why did Judah king Jehoiakim burn Jeremiah's scroll?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord's word came to Jeremiah: "Take a scroll and write on it all the words I have spoken to you concerning Israel, Judah and all the other nations." 

+ Jeremiah called Baruch to write all the words of the Lord on the scroll and read to the people. 

+ When Micaiah heard the words, he told everything he heard to all the officials. 

+ All the officials asked Baruch to read the scroll to them and told Baruch and Jeremiah to hide. 

+ The officials went to the king. Jehudi read the scroll to the king, the king had them cut off and threw into the fire. The king and all his attendants who heard all these words showed no fear, nor did they tear their clothes. 

+ The word of the Lord came to Jeremiah: "Take another scroll and write on it all the words that were on the first scroll." The Lord then added these about Judah king Jehoiakim: "I will punish him and his children and his attendants for their wickedness." 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - King Jehoiakim ordered the entire Judah to fast to repent and pray but burned Jeremiah's scroll. Are my actions and believe consistent? Am I willing to let God's word to reveal what's in the depth of my heart? 
