---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 81 Day 2: Put in Prison"
date: 2019-8-6 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk81-day2-daily.html
weekNum: 81
dayNum: 2
language: English
---

### Question     
Why was Jeremiah imprisoned? 
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Zedekiah was made king of Judah by Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon. He did not pay any attention to the words the Lord had spoken through Jeremiah the prophet. 

+ King Zedekiah sent Jehukal to Jeremiah the prophet with this message: "Please pray to the Lord our God for us." 

+ Pharaoh's army had marched out of Egypt, and when the Babylonians who were besieging Jerusalem heard the report about them, they withdrew from Jerusalem. 

+ Jeremiah foretold: "Pharaoh's army will go back to its own land, to Egypt. Then the Babylonians will return and attack this city; they will capture it and burn it down." 

+ Jeremiah started to leave the city to go to the territory of Benjamin. The captain of the guard, Irijah imprisoned Jeremiah in the house of Jonathan. 

+ Jeremiah remained in prison a long time. King Zedekiah send for Jeremiah and asked him in private if any word of the Lord had come to him. Jeremiah replied, "you will be delivered into the hands of the king of Babylon." 

+ Jeremiah asked Zedekiah not to send him back into the house of Jonathan the secretary. King Zedekiah then gave orders for Jeremiah to be placed in the courtyard of the guard. They took Jeremiah and threw him into the cistern. 

+ Ebed-Melek, a Cushite, an official in the royal palace, took thirty men and lifted Jeremiah out from the cistern. 

+ King Zedekiah asked Jeremiah yet again. Jeremiah advised Zedekiah to surrender to the officers of the king of Babylon. 

+ Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, "Do not let anyone know about this conversation, or you may die." 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Why didn't Zedekiah listen to Jeremiah's advice? Whom was Zedekiah afraid of in verse 38:19? Do I doubt in God's faithfulness and worry about things? 
