---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 22 Day 1: Few against Many"
date: 2018-06-18
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk22-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 22
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue the reading on the Book of Judges this week.

In Judges, we see that the Israelites' evil behaviors seemed to get passed on from generations to generations and the judges' rescues continued to repeat. Why didn't the Israelites change and repent despite all these judges? The root cause of sin comes from selfish desires that replace God in our heart. Satisfying our desires without repentance only covers up the sin in our hearts. Mankind's self-reliance and Godlessness made us the center of the world.

Self-expression, self-development, and self-realization are ubiquitous in the society now-a-days. In popular culture from news publications to school education, our value seems to be defined as self-discovery. The social norm emphasizes self-elevation above everything and encourages us to satisfy our personal desires through any means. This self-idolizing through self-envying and self-pitying can only lead us into a vicious cycle of self-worshiping and causing us not to see nor speak the truth as anyone who manufactures idol. It is, however, more meaningful to glorify God and His truth than to realize ourselves. Realization of truth is a life centered around God. To escape from the vicious cycle of generational evil behavior requires turning focus away from ourselves to God.

May God's word renew you all each day!

### Question     
How did the fifth judge battle the huge army of Midianites and won with only three hundred men?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Israelites again behaved sinfully after a time of peace and were put in the hands of Midianites. 

+ The angel of God came to Gideon and burned all offerings as proof that he was called upon by God. Gideon built an altar and called it "The Lord is Peace." 

+ Gideon, obeyed God regardless of the danger, demolished the altar his father had built to Baal then built an altar to God. Baal was not able to defend for himself. 

+ Before fighting the Midianite army, God showed Gideon twice that He was in control with dry/wet wool fleece. 

+ God cut down the number of Gideon's already small army to just three hundred men. God enabled them to defeat the Midianite army and killed one hundred twenty thousand. (`Judges 8:10`) 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Gideon disregarded the danger of being stoned to death to destroy Baal's altar. We may also face misunderstanding, disrespect, insults, and even personal danger when testifying for our Lord. Pray and ask God to strengthen my faith and help me to live out a holy life. 

+ **Fidelity** - Gideon obeyed God's command to cut his already small army to just a mere three hundred while the Midianite army was one hundred thirty five thousand in number. God did this to show that it was He made possible the impossible. If we rely on ourselves, we'd move forward only when we have an apparent advantage but retract otherwise. Let God help me to focus on Him, the rock that never fails. 
