---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 3 Day 5: Isaac's Family"
date: 2018-02-09
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk3-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 3
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
How did the chosen son continue his life?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The eighth segment of family story. The family of Isaac, the chosen son of God. The birth of the two sons of Isaac and their struggle. 

+ Rebekah gave birth to twin sons for Isaac. According to God's promise, the second son Jacob was going to be stronger than the first son Esau. Jacob bought the birthright of the first born from Esau with red stew. Esau despised his birthright. Isaac stayed in Gerar of Philistine according to God's will. Isaac lied about Rebekah as his sister. Isaac was asked to leave because he has gotten too powerful. Isaac backed down from the disputes of the wells. God led him to a land with room. Philistine made treaty with Isaac. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Although Jacob took seriously God's promise, he chose to take mater in his own hands to gain the birthright by fraudulent means and caused family tension. Am I pursuing God's promise by my own way? How should I gain blessings from God?  

+ **Community** - Jacob chose peace in the well disputes and God led him to a land with room. Am I facing similar situations? Can I find peaceful resolutions?  

+ **Integrity** - Isaac lied as Abraham did for his own protection. This might have been a trait passed down from father to son. Am I passing down the sinful traits to my offspring when I'm building my own family and bringing up my children? Ask God to help me repent and purify me. 
