---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 58 Day 1: Dedication of Temple"
date: 2019-2-25 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk58-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 58
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue to read the First Kings this week.

The First Kings has a lot of words on the construction of the temple. The temple has a very significant meaning which points to faith in the history of Israel. The construction of the temple established Solomon's throne while its destruction signified the judgment of Israel. Although the prophets foretold the destruction, but they did not equate it to the end of promise. God made new covenant with His people while Christ, the highest priest sitting to the right of God's throne representing God' holiness, is the realization of the new covenant's promise. God's dwelling is the basis of His presence. Both the temple in the Old Testament and the believers, filling the universe in the new heaven and new earth, in the New Testament are realizations of the promise God gave in the tent of meeting in the wilderness.

May you all be renewed in God's word every day!

### Question     
How did Solomon dedicate the completed temple to God?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Solomon summoned the elders of Israel, all the heads of the tribes and the chiefs of the Israelite families, to bring up the ark of the Lord's covenant from the City of David. The glory of the Lord filled His temple. 

+ King explained to whole assembly of Israel the purpose for constructing the temple, prayed to the Lord and then blessed them. 

+ King sacrificed offers to the Lord with the whole assembly of Israel. 

+ King Solomon gave twenty towns in Galilee to Hiram king of Tyre. King Solomon conscripted foreigner as forced labor. 

+ Three times a year Solomon sacrificed burnt offerings and fellowship offerings on the altar he had built for the Lord, burning incense before the Lord along with them. 

+ King Solomon also built ships at Ezion Geber, which is near Elath in Edom, on the shore of the Red Sea. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Solomon brought the ark into the temple and God's glory filled the temple. Where is God's glory now that He dwells in us today? (John 1:14, 2 Corinthians 3:18) 

+ **Identity** - Solomon's prayer to the Lord included thanksgiving, petition, repentance, and blessings. How may I incorporate all these into my prayer? 
