---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 58 Day 5: Change of Dynasties"
date: 2019-3-1
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk58-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 58
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
How were the thrones of Israel and Judah succeeded differently?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Judah in the south: Rehoboam's son Abijah reigned for three years. He committed all the sins his father had done before him. 

+ Abijah's son Asa succeeded him and reigned for forty-one years. Asa did what was right in the eyes of the Lord. 

+ Asa's son Jehoshaphat succeeded him as king. 

+ Israel of the North: Jeroboam's son Nadab reigned for two years. He did evil in the eyes of the Lord, following the ways of his father and committing the same sin his father had. 

+ Baasha struck down Nadab, succeeded him, and killed Jeroboam's whole family, as the Lord had spoken through his servant Ahijah. 

+ Baasha became king of all Israel in Tirzah, and he reigned twenty-four years. He did evil in the eyes of the Lord. 

+ Elah son of Baasha became king of Israel, and he reigned in Tirzah two years. 

+ Elah was betrayed and killed by Zimri, one of his officials. Zimri reigned in Tirzah for seven days. The Israelite army at war with the Philistines proclaimed Omri king over Israel. Omri laid a siege to Tirzah and Zimri set fire around himself and died. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Abijah committed all the sins his father had done before him; his heart was not fully devoted to the Lord his God, as the heart of David his forefather had been. Looking at these kings of Israel and Judah, what was more important in God's eyes? Is my heart on myself or God? 

+ **Integrity** - Started with Jeroboam, the kingdom of Israel faced nonstop rebellions and killings. Judah was more peaceful in comparison. From verse 15:4 "for David's sake the Lord his God gave him a lamp in Jerusalem by raising up a son to succeed him and by making Jerusalem strong" we can see that God cared for Jerusalem because of David. What blessings shall I leave for my descendants? 
