---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 30 Day 1: Forgiving and Healing"
date: 2018-08-13 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk30-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 30
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward 
We continue the reading on the Gospel of Luke this week.
Luke’s started by focusing on the facts of God’s deeds in history through Jesus Christ to prove the main character of Gospel is not an imaginary savior but one who teaches us that His way is the truth. No one would manufacture a God to bear the consequences of our sins. No one would design a hero to have a meager birth in the manger then a humiliating death on the cross. No one would create a king who rescues all but be rejected and insulted. The truth of gospel is revealed in Luke’s unique writing the core of our belief that takes root in historical facts based on a real story and a real person.
May God’s word renew you all each day!

### Question     
How did Jesus call His first disciples?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God’s Story   
+ Jesus called the first disciples. 

+ Cleansed the leper and healed the paralyzed. 

+ The Pharisees conflicted with Jesus for He healed during Sabbath. Jesus called Himself the Lord of the Sabbath.  

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** – Jesus proclaimed Himself as the Lord of the Sabbath because only God can give us true rest. Am I able to slumber peacefully facing the stress of life and value of the world? 

+ **Community** – The friends of the paralyzed went extraordinary length to help him. Have I gone the extra mile for my fellow Christians? Can I become the blessing of someone in particular?  

+ **Fidelity** – Jesus called on the disciples to fish for people. Am I preaching gospel for the Lord to win over the souls? 
