---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 41 Day 1: Source of Gospel"
date: 2018-10-29 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk41-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 41
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We completed last week the reading of the Second Corinthians. This week we will complete the book of Galatians and starting on the Ephesians. 

Last week at closing of the Second Corinthians, Paul defended his status as an apostle where he boasted in his own weakness to demonstrate Jesus' grace. This will be elaborated further in the book of Galatians.

We often fall victim to desire to barter blessings with our actions calling upon our own ability to renew and persevere. Some even use suffering as a way to spiritual growth instead of accepting it as a consequence of the falling world. Paul's experiences demonstrated the truth about gospel. It is not by one's own perseverance to overcome adversity, not by one's capacity to withstand fleshly wounds, nor by one's ability to endure suffering. It is by the power of God's grace He gives to His people. The thorn in Paul's body is not a calling to suffer, but a promise God gives to all Christians so that when we are weak, His power may be seen through our weakness. Gospel is good news because His grace is sufficient. God reveals Himself through His word. We can only boast for the word became flesh. Our inadequacy is an opportunity for God's power and grace to be shown.

May God's word renew you all each day!

### Question     
What is the real gospel?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Paul's status and authority as an apostle came from God through Jesus Christ. 

+ False gospel from human is different from the true gospel which is from God. Preaching false gospel shall fall under God's curse. 

+ True gospel comes from God's revelation. True gospel is of righteousness through faith. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Preaching gospel and the truth is to win approval of human beings or God? Paul's dedication to gospel did not aim to please the other apostles. He went to Jerusalem to prove the gospel he preached was the true gospel. Have I withheld the truth when I preach because I was afraid to offend or I wanted to please the others? 

+ **Community** - Paul was accepted by all apostles not for his ability but for he preached the true gospel. Paul did not hold back to rebuke Peter because Peter had become an apostle before him. Both are examples of standing firm on the foundation of faith without taking something or someone by their face value. A relationship like this is one based on true faith and transparency. What does the apostles' testimony remind me? Have I taken anything or treated anyone by their face value? 
