---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 41 Day 5: Heavenly Spiritual Inheritance"
date: 2018-11-2 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk41-day5-daily.html
weekNum: 41
dayNum: 5
language: English
---

### Question     
What is the spiritual inheritance of a Christian? 

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ As our inheritance, our election by the riches of His grace in Jesus Christ, redemption by Christ's blood, and adoption to sonship through Jesus Christ. The Holy Spirit is the proof of our inheritance from God. 

+ The inheritance from God allows us to connect with His power. And such is the same power that raised Christ Jesus from death. Only when God enlightens the eyes of my heart I would know truly and rely on His incomparably great power. 

+ God blessed us in heavenly realms with every spiritual blessing in Christ for us to be holy and blameless so that He would be praised for His glory. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Pray to the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the glorious Father, may give you the Spirit of wisdom and revelation, so that you may know him better. Do I truly know Him? Do I truly know He gave us the inheritance? Do I truly rely on Him? Even though I claim to know Him but do I often prioritize worldly inheritance over the heavenly one and relying on human power more than His? Let me pray to God to open the eyes of my heart to truly know Him. 

+ **Integrity** - The purpose of the blessings we receive from God is not to glorify us but by His calling that we may live out the life of Christ so that His glorious grace may be praised. 
