---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 25 Day 1: Jesus Sent Disciples"
date: 2018-07-09 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk25-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 25
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue the reading on the Gospel of Matthew in the New Testament this week.

The beginning of Matthew has shown us that the plan of Gospel is a covenant between God and man. The light that came to redeem the mankind has already arrived through the birth of Christ Jesus, the Messiah. All kinds of people from different background, social status, race, and gender (women were rarely mentioned in Jewish society) were included in Jesus' genealogy and were equally reflected in the Gospel of Matthew. From the morally disreputable Tamar and Rahab, we can see that salvation is for all sinners. From the Moabite Ruth and the Canaanite Rahab, we can see that Gospel is for all races and groups. God uses each and every one of us to bring forth His wills no matter how insignificant or scorned we might be. God's people unite in Christ Jesus beyond ethnicity, social standing, culture background.

May our Lord's word renew you all each day!

### Question     
What did Jesus commission the twelve disciples to do?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Jesus sent out the disciples to spread the Gospel reminded them of the difficulties they will face, the cost of following Him, as well as God's presence, His equipping, and the rewards.

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Fidelity** - What did God commission me to do? (see Matthew 28:18-20, Acts 1:8) What does Jesus's command to the disciples to preach Gospel remind me of in my service to the Lord? Am I relying on my skills, money, or God alone? 

+ **Fidelity** - What does this attitude "freely you have received; freely give" of preaching Gospel remind me? Do I have any reservation when preaching? 
