---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 52 Day 6: Renewal of Faith"
date: 2018-01-19 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk52-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 52
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Philistines sent back the ark the covenant of God along with guilt offering. The men of Beth-shemesh rejoiced in seeing the ark and made burnt offering. However, some seventy men were struck because they looked upon the ark. The men of Beth-shemesh then asked the men of Kiriath-jearim to take away the ark and it stayed there for twenty years. 

+ In that twenty years, Samuel led Israel return to God, lamented after the Lord, got rid of the idols, re-established their faith. God helped them to defeat the Philistines and recapture the lost land. Samuel served the Lord faithfully and judged Israel all the days of his life. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - While Philistines' idol Dagon could not stand before the Lord and the Philistines were also disaster struck, they did not see who was the real God and sent away the real God; The men of Beth-shemesh offended the Lord and did not repent, but rather asked men of Kiriath-jearim to take the ark; Their common attitude was resist light and hide in the dark. Contrast with the Philistines and Beth-shemesh men's resistance to God, what did the Israelites do to renew their faith? As children of light, what should I do when sinned? 

+ **Fidelity** - Read carefully and give thoughts to how Samuel served. What were his attitude and aim in his ministry? What was his focus when serving people? What can I learn from him? 
