---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 52 Day 3: Prayer of Hannah"
date: 2018-01-16 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk52-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 52
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
How did Hannah find peace from her prayer?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Hannah was provoked and irritated by her husband's other wife, Peninnah, due to her infertility. Peninnah would provoke Hannah even more each year during the family's annual sacrifice in Shiloh. 

+ Hannah prayed in front of the Lord, for a son to give to the Lord. 

+ Eli the priest told Hannah to go in peace and her face was no longer downcast. Through her prayer, the Lord remembered Hannah and gave her a son named Samuel. When he had weaned, Hannah brought Samuel to Eli to dedicate him to the Lord as she had promised in her prayer. Hannah gave thanks and praised the Lord. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - Hannah was no longer downcast and ate right after she had prayed. What relieved Hannah of the sorrow that got piled up after all those years? Am I being sorrowful? Is it because I never let go of my sorrow even after I have prayed to God? What did Hannah really ask for in her prayer? What does it remind me about my prayer? 

+ **Walking with God** - What did Hannah do after God had answered her prayer? What did I do after God had answered my prayer? Hannah gave her son away not long after she gave birth to him, but she happily thanked and praised the Lord. What was the cause of her doing so? What should be the focus of my prayer? 
