---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 43 Day 6: Faith Role Model"
date: 2018-11-17 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk43-day6-daily.html
weekNum: 43
dayNum: 6
language: English
---

### Question     
What can be seen from Paul's life of faith, love, and hope?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Paul's faith helped him to strive to please God and rely on God to preach His gospel. 

+ Paul's hope helped him to endure severe suffering in facing strong opposition and rely on God to work courageously. 

+ Paul's love helped him to care and comfort for the believers as mother nurses for her child and father encourages his own children. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Walking with God** - God is a witness of Paul's faithful, loving, and hopeful life which was a result of his reliance on God. The opposition Paul faced was not unique to him as the same opposition was faced by the Thessalonian church as well as today's believers. Likewise, the close relationship Paul had with God can be ours, too. What opposition do I face now? How shall I rely on God for my faith, love, and hope?  

+ **Community** - Paul's love to the Thessalonian church was like a caring mother nurses her children and a comforting father encourages and urges his children. The aim is to help the believers to live lives worthy of God. How does this remind me to respond to fellow Christians' criticism? What is my motivation and aim when urging them? What deeper understanding do I have about loving each other which God had commanded me? 
