---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 43 Day 1: To Rejoice Always"
date: 2018-11-12 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk43-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 43
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
This week, we'll go through the book of Philippians, Corinthians, and the First Thessalonians.

The Philippians emphasizes on the humility. The kingdom of Christ is opposite from human's rule where Jesus does not consider equality with God something to be used to His own advantage. Although He has the power of God, He rather made it as opportunity to serve and obey. He gave rather than took, served rather than being served, obeyed rather than defied, lowered himself rather than elevated his position. This is the realization of the word becomes flesh and the way to salvation by the gospel of the cross. The believers shall follow the example set by Christ and give with humility like Him, do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility, value others above ourselves. Believers are not perfect. This an often-overlooked fact. Church is formed by sinners and encompasses the differences that test our patience. We shall keep faith in God's work, to let God lead and direct. The path to sanctification has its ups and downs and differences shall not undermine the unity of the church. We shall act in accordance to where we are, forget what is behind and strain toward what is ahead, press on toward the goal to win the prize for which God has called us heavenward in Christ Jesus.

May God's word renew you all each day!

### Question     
How are we to rejoice always?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ We shall rejoice in the Lord always. 

+ Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present our requests to God. 

+ Paul was content in any and every situation for he leaned on the Lord for strength. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Paul rejoiced not because of the situations, rather it was his leaning on the Lord for strength. Am I rejoicing? Am I presenting my requests to God by prayer and petition with thanksgiving instead of relying on my own strength? 

+ **Fidelity** - Paul was content in any and every situation. Am I content when facing difficulties in my service? Why am I content or not content? 

