---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 43 Day 3: Elemental Spiritual Force"
date: 2018-11-14 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk43-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 43
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
Life is elemental spiritual force of the world?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ Moses' law is a shadow of things to come, the foretelling of Jesus, an incomplete revelation of God's wisdom, the elemental spiritual force. Jesus is the reality of God's true image in this world where God's abundance is realized in Jesus.  

+ The Jews' way to righteousness through the works of the law can easily fall into traps of hypocrisy in that arrogance is brought out of self-imposed worship where false humility and harsh treatment of the body lack any value in restraining sensual indulgence. 

+ The reborn Christians are not bound by the law because Jesus has already redeemed us from the law. The new life puts to death the evil that come out of the flesh. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - Humans have always tried to obtain righteousness through works of their own. Confucius claimed that he could follow his own heart without offending the law when he was seventy. Today's society tries to solve the problem of crime through politics, laws, culture, and education. However, the Bible tells us that it is impossible and even harmful if we try to achieve righteousness through our own works because to proclaim being self-righteous does not build relationship with God, it puts us farther away from the truth. The real righteousness is given by God through His redemption for our sins so that we may be saved by faith in Christ. What faith do I have in Christ so that I may be called righteous? 

+ **Integrity** -The sanctification of the believers and building up of our characters are based on our relationships with God through the bread of life so that fleshly desires may be restrained. Dependence on methodology without God is self-reliance that causes self-righteousness. What self-righteousness do I need to throw away and turn myself over to God? 
