---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 64 Day 4: A Wholehearted Preparation"
date: 2019-4-11 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk64-day4-daily.html
weekNum: 64
dayNum: 4
language: English
---

### Question     
How did David and the entire assembly prepare the materials for constructing the temple?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ With all my resources I have provided for the temple of my God-gold for the gold work, silver for the silver, bronze for the bronze, iron for the iron and wood for the wood, as well as onyx for the settings, turquoise, stones of various colors, and all kinds of fine stone and marble-all of these in large quantities. David gave his personal treasures of gold and silver, as well. 

+ The leaders of families, the officers of the tribes of Israel, the commanders of thousands and commanders of hundreds, and the officials in charge of the king's work gave willingly. 

+ David praised the Lord in the presence of the whole assembly. 

+ The whole assembly praised the Lord, the God of their fathers; they bowed down, prostrating themselves before the Lord and the king. 

+ They acknowledged Solomon son of David as king a second time, anointing him before the Lord to be ruler and Zadok to be priest. 

+ David died at a good old age, having enjoyed long life, wealth and honor. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Identity** - David encouraged the assembly to give: "Now, who is willing to consecrate themselves to the Lord today?" What would my response be if David was encouraging me? 

+ **Identity** - What was David's attitude in his prayer? How did he see himself and the Israelites? How may I pray like David? 
