---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 39 Day 1: Covering and Supper"
date: 2018-10-15 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk39-day1-daily.html
weekNum: 39
dayNum: 1
language: English
---

### Forward     
We continue to read the Book of First Corinthians this week.
The church in Corinth was full of problems. Disciples are gathered in church by gospel and should love each other, however, discord and isolation impede our ability to testify for gospel. A mature church accepts all people, of different races, nationalities, social status, backgrounds, and unites in direction and key decisions making where most members can understand and agree to.
Loving endurance and faithful grace are necessary for bringing forth the gospel. This means we need to let go of our self-interests, to put ourselves in others' shoes, to benefit others. Our willingness to learn unfamiliar songs, to care about others more than self, and to exhibit the life transformed by the gospel naturally, are what the world needs to see from us as our testaments to gospel.
My God's word renew you all each day!

### Question     
Why did Paul raise the question of covering and supper?

{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ It was a tradition of the time to wear head covering.  Paul suggested women of the period should cover their heads. 

+ Remember the Lord and examine oneself during the Lord's Supper before eating the bread and drinking the cup. 

+ When eating together, we ought to wait for each other. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Community** - Do I dress appropriately in church? Would the way I dress cause others to stumble? 

+ **Integrity** - Am I willing to follow Lord's authority and priority? 
