---
layout: daily-en
title: "Week 85 Day 3: The Righteous Judgment"
date: 2019-9-4 
categories: daily
permalink: /en/daily/wk85-day3-daily.html
weekNum: 85
dayNum: 3
language: English
---

### Question     
What is the principle behind the Lord's judgment?
{% include BibleLinks.html %} 

### Meditation: God's Story   
+ The Lord used the parable of two eagles and a vine to depict the judgment of Israel betraying the king of Babylon. 

+ The one who follows the Lord's decrees and faithfully keeps the Lord's laws. The man is righteous; he will surely live. 

+ Wicked son of righteous man is to be put to death. 

+ Righteous son of wicked father will not die for his father's sin. But his father will die for his own sin. 

+ The child will not share the guilt of the parent, nor will the parent share the guilt of the child. The righteousness of the righteous will be credited to them, and the wickedness of the wicked will be charged against them. 

+ If a wicked person turns away from all the sins they have committed and keeps all God's decrees and does what is just and right, that person will surely live; they will not die. 

+ If a righteous person turns from their righteousness and commits sin and does the same detestable things the wicked person does, they will die. 

+ The Lord's way is just. He will judge each of you according to your own ways. Turn away from all your offenses; then sin will not be your downfall. 

### Meditation: My Story   
+ **Integrity** - Why did the Lord say to betray Babylon is the same as betraying the Lord? How shall I uphold the oath I have taken and the covenant I have made with others? Why is it that we must be faithful to others? 
